the energy portal attempts to give information on the above aspects with inspiring stories that would motivate you to use them and derive the associated benefits .
to provide relief to the farmers affected by natural calamities , the interest subvention of 2 % will be provided to banks for the first year on the restructured amount .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of Memoranda of Understanding for Secondment Programme between the Department of Economic Affairs ( Indian Economic Service Cadre ) and The Treasury , Government of Australia , for a period of three months .
this can lead to problems in delivery , trauma to the child and mother , and a sudden drop in blood glucose for the child after birth .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today visited the International Rice Research Institute ( IRRI ) , at Los Banos , in Philippines .
1098 tele helpline model
these people are needed to help the woman care for her children and/or household ,
measures shall be taken for pre-natal , peri natal , and post-natal care of the mother and child .
Is it in celebration of an occasion like a wedding ? ”
users can get link to offices websites
before using micro password , please ensure that there are no strange objects in the insertion panel of the password ( to avoid skimming )
however , the country now has a national vision ‘ to build a safe and disaster-resilient india by developing a holistic , proactive , multi-disaster and technology-driven strategy for disaster management .
The Coast Guard has provided 42 teams ; 2 helicopters and 2 ships .
once a body part has been re-warmed it is essential that the part need to be kept from refreezing .
Addressing a large Kisan Sammelan , the Prime Minister recalled former Prime Minister , Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee , who , he said , had created three new States – Uttarakhand , Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh .
she should breastfeed as often as possible when she is with the infant and express her breastmilk when they are apart so that another caregiver can feed it to the baby in a clean and safe way .
spyware is computer software that is installed surreptitiously on a personal computer to collect information about a user , their computer or browsing habits without the user 's informed consent .
steps-2 login with the registered mobile number ( user name will be the mobile number )
given the fact that children are expected to spend majority of their time at school , safe schools attain very high importance with a view to ensuring their safety and well being .
establishing and developing the research and development capability in emerging areas of risk and providing for effective control measures .
Secretary General , International Energy Forum
too much salt can be extremely harmful to the child .
I would like to specially mention the arduous endeavors of the NDRF daredevils .
responding to and encouraging children helps them develop more quickly .
this includes lottery winnings and foreigners asking if they can send money into your account .
waste is any item beyond use in its current form and discarded as unwanted .
It will showcase our potential in the food processing value chain .
scholarship award will be sanctioned in the case of students whose parents/guardians income from all sources does not exceed rs .44 , 500 per annum .
The Prime Minister further said that adequate capital , courage and connecting with people are required for excelling in the start- up sector .
constructed wetland
Remembering the great Sardar Patel on his Punya Tithi .
service number
direct pressure should be applied to the area using a clean dry cloth and the area should be elevated .
infectious bursal disease
if the earthquake is of large magnitude ( magnitude 8 to 9+ on the richter scale ) and located nearby , some aftershocks could be as large as magnitude 7+ and capable of generating another tsunami .
students who , after passing one stage of education , are studying in the same stage of education in a different subject .
find contact info of nearest local help
the pigs can be infected with a number of internal parasites , skin infections and other bacterial and viral diseases , which in turn will result in poor growth and even death of pig .
request or send money via payment address
Our development partnerships projects are providing water , electricity , roads , healthcare , tele-medicine , and basic infrastructure to people in dozens of countries across the world .
Shri Rajiv Nayan Choubey , Secretary , Civil Aviation
In this context , he mentioned the series of steps that the Government is pursuing to reduce input costs and raise profits .
simple and easy way to control blood sugar levels is following plate method
a removal tool can be used by the user in order to detect and clean certain bots/malware which are residing on the infected machine .
Inclusion of ‘Nocte’ , “Tangsa’ , Tutsa’ , ‘Wancho’ in lieu of ‘Any Naga Tribes’ in serial No . 10 in list of Scheduled Tribes of Arunachal Pradesh .
the area of your field .
The Sides noted the importance of cooperation in the area of transport education , personnel training and scientific support in the implementation of international transport corridors .
skin inflammation
Dr . Andres Ibarra , Government of Secretary for Modernization
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief over the accident at the NTPC plant in Raebareli , Uttar Pradesh .
The Prime Minister also spoke at length about Shri Bahuguna’s contributions in the education sector , and development in the hilly areas of the country .
The Prime Minister said that as transparency in the system increases , there is more trust in the government .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi , has given its approval to the Cabinet note on the proposal for official Amendments in The Constitution ( Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes ) Order ( Amendment ) Bill , 2016 so as to modify the list of Scheduled Tribes ( STs ) of Chhattisgarh .
any person who employs a child below 14 or a child between 14 and 18 in a hazardous occupation or process can be punished with jail time of between six months and two years and/or fine between rs . 20 ,000 and rs . 50 ,000 .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) signed between India and Netherlands on technical cooperation in the field of Spatial Planning , Water Management and Mobility Management in April , 2018 .
the size and shape of their seeds are so similar to that of the crop seed that is difficult to remove their seed economically by mechanical means .
The Prime Minister said that the Rail Coach Refurbishing Karkhana will contribute to the development of not just Sonepat , but the entire State of Haryana .
indira gandhi national old age pension scheme
experiencing anxious , sad and angry thoughts and feelings is a normal part of adolescence .
children living in areas where worms are common should be treated two to three times per year with a recommended deworming medication .
different channels for transferring funds
electrical energy
some couples find engaging in sex uncomfortable during pregnancy .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi unveiled today development projects worth Rs . 3350 crores for Varanasi today .
pallor
however , if these thoughts or feelings persist for more than several days , and especially if they prevent someone from being able to carry out their normal daily activities , this may be an indication of a mental disorder .
enter your mobile number , amount and otp
through solar photovoltaic cells , solar radiation gets converted into electricity directly .
On 10% reservation for the general category poor , the Prime Minister has said that this is a step in the right direction .
contents of credit card
the second phase will provide connectivity to all 2 ,50 ,500 gram panchayats in the country using an optimal mix of underground fiber , fiber over power lines , radio and satellite media .
be wary of communications that implores you to act immediately , offers something that sounds too good to be true , or asks for personal information .
special category states shall be required to contribute 4 % only .
The Prime Minister was informed that the surveillance was carried out even beyond 700 nautical miles from the shore .
As on both those occasions , the Prime Minister will travel on a stretch of this new line , before arriving at the venue of the public meeting .
by encouraging joint labour - management efforts to preserve , protect and promote national assets and to eliminate injuries and diseases arising out of employment  ;
other conditions for award
Protection of civilians and territorial integrity is fundamental and all parties to the conflict and their supporters are expected to live up to their commitments .
The objective of this MoU is to facilitate and strengthen India-UK institutional cooperation in the field of sustainable urban development .
objectives
mostly students end up in industrial training institutes after exhausting all other options for higher education .
the national trust created by the central government has to ensure that the objects for which it has been set up as enshrined in section 10 of this act have to be fulfilled .
take fruits but not fruit juices .
merchant payments online website
grant permissions to the app for accessing the queries on the phone .
a new section 80v has been introduced to ensure that the parent in whose hands income of a permanently disabled minor has been clubbed under section 64 , is allowed to claim a deduction upto rs .20000/- in terms of section 80 v .
birth certificate
Cinema plays an important role in nation Building and strengthens the feeling of Ek Bharat Shresth Bharat .
inside the reactor of an atomic power plant , uranium atoms are split apart in controlled chain reaction .
celebrating ‘ village day ’
the expected assistance for construction of community toilets - central government will contribute upto 40 % of the cost of construction of community toilet as a outright grant .
provision for food , shelter , clothing , medical care , pocket expense for residents and children
I remember the day when Netaji’s family paid a visit to the Prime Minister’s residence .
central university for tibetan studies , saranath up under ministry of culture , govt . of india
for that reason alone , the transport and storage of such a substance is deemed impractical .
this section provides a repository of useful websites of education related institutions , knowledge platforms , etc .
He also launched the “Proactive and Responsive Facilitation , by Interactive and Virtuous Environmental Single-window Hub ” ( PARIVESH ) .
insurance premium payment
a separate area should be earmarked for composting .
the government is transforming job fairs employment exchanges and university placements employment information guidance bureaus into career centres ,
reading the user ratings and reviews can provide some clues about the integrity of the e-wallet app .
multiple sclerosis
As per estimates , about Rs . 12 ,500 crore as Central share will be required over 4 years i .e . up to March , 2021 .
the formation and initial development of a cyclonic storm depends upon various conditions . these are  :
chronic malnutrition in early years is responsible for widespread stunting and adverse health and social consequences throughout the life span .
only those units which qualify the preliminary assessment shall be considered for final assessment .
The year-wise physical & financial progress for the 12th five year plan is given below :
it is easy to manage animals in indoor system compared to open air system .
therefore encourage the patient to stay still
having a mobile phone number on your account is one of the easiest and most reliable ways to help keep your account safe .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval to sign the Agreement between India and Ethiopia on “ ”Cooperation in the field of Information , Communication and Media ” .
once it is verified , you may avail the concession on the assigned to your vehicle .
stiffness or difficulty moving limbs
update point of sale software applications  :
labour pain for more than 12 hours
your presence might hamper rescue and other emergency operations and put you at further risk from the residual effects of floods , such as contaminated water , crumbled roads , landslides , mudflows , and other hazards .
He appreciated the initiatives taken by the people and the State Government of Uttar Pradesh for tourism , and under the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan .
cut your lip
certified seed
after childbirth the skilled birth attendant will  :
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Gaganyaan Programme with demonstration of Indian Human Spaceflight capability to low earth orbit for a mission duration ranging from one orbital period to a maximum of seven days .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi , has given its approval to move official amendments to the Banning of Unregulated Deposit Schemes Bill , 2018 , pursuant to the recommendations of the Standing Committee on Finance ( SCF ) .
skimming
cattle manure
in case the state government or a voluntary organization or an individual wishes to contribute the cost of a stove and/or first refill , they would be free to do so in coordination with the natural gas
`` reconstruction '' means construction or restoration of any property after a disaster  ;
either of the parents of the students should be beedi , iron ore manganese & chrome ore mines , limestone & dolomite mines , cine worker with at least six months service .
wash your eyes with clean water everyday .
the beneficiary should be digitally illiterate
Calling the attack barbaric the Prime Minister expressed deep condolences at the loss of innocent lives and extended India’s unwavering support to Egypt in the fight against all forms of terrorism .
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit , at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar , Gujarat on the 14th of September .
And this is the very reason that we are developing Infrastructure for Buddhist Tourism , which is going to connect Southeast Asia with the important Buddhist sites of India .
Private sector participation has been increasing in many segments of the value chain .
it is necessary to mention the nature of industry/sector as per national industrial classification code labour identification number-2008 , maintained by the ministry of statistics & programme implementation .
aadhaar will replace all other ids
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing and ratifying the Extradition Agreement between India and Morocco .
if the reason supports the girl ’ s health , education or skill learning then the selection is worthwhile .
making and selling child pornography .
check for gas leaks .
postal address with mobile no and e-mail ( mobile no and e-mail is not mandatory )
demand led skill training at no cost to the rural poor
encourage creative play , building and drawing
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Norway on India-Norway Ocean Dialogue .
prevent overcrowding .
The Prime Minister said that in order to enable all traders to take maximum benefit of GST , we should work towards ensuring that all traders , including even relatively smaller traders with a turnover below Rs . 20 lakhs , should register with the GST system .
The Prime Minister noted that Vajpayee ji spent most of his political life at a time when there was virtually no alternative to the dominant political ideology .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved proposal of Airports Authority of India ( AAI ) for surrendering encroached AAI’s land measuring 106 .76 acres situated at Gandhi Nagar , Bhopal to the State Government of Madhya Pradesh ( M .P ) .
The infusion will give an impetus to anticipate new initiatives like supporting Indian textile industries , likely changes in Concessional Finance Scheme ( CFS ) , likelihood of new LoCs in future in view of India’s active foreign policy and strategic intent .
Joint scientific conferences and workshops ; hold bilateral meetings on the sidelines of major polar forum meetings , where feasible .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will be on a visit to his Parliamentary Constituency , Varanasi , on September 17 and 18 , 2018 .
approach the social networking service
He will also launch the m-Arogya app and door to door waste collection , segregation and processing of Solid Waste in Dadra & Nagar Haveli digitally .
all water that people drink and use should come from a safe source or be purified
theory and practice
this video explains about the process of using bharat interface for money app
phase viii as ‘ science express climate action special ’ highlighted the global challenge of climate change .
book banks
leverage existing public infrastructure and industry facilities for scaling up skill training and capacity building efforts .
“Today is a special day!
address proof documents also include water /electricity/telephone bills for the last three months .
the most common type ischemic stroke results from blockage in an artery .
whenever a new baby comes into the family , it is important for the father to help the mother with the new baby and the other children
The main objectives of the Memorandum of Understanding are :
using account number & code of the recipient
He re-emphasized the need for a compassionate approach towards the Least Developed Countries .
if the problem persists , they should seek help from a trained health worker or teacher .
the benefits of rupay debit card are the flexibility of the product platform , high levels of acceptance and the strength of the rupay brand-all of which will contribute to an increased product experience .
He also mentioned that the President , Vice President , and himself as the Prime Minister of India have visited various African countries on more than 20 occasions , during the tenure of present Government .
do not wait for instructions to move .
scope
On one hand , there are opportunities in post-harvest management , like primary processing and storage , preservation infrastructure , cold chain , and refrigerated transportation .
most people use them interchangeably , but there is a subtle distinction , typically relating to the perpetrator ’ s intent and the original motivation for their behavior .
the skin infection caused by the external parasites can be treated by spraying .
The Prime Minister said , “ Shri Manohar Parrikar was an unparalleled leader .
three years after running pillar to post , her parents brought her to epilepsy , where doctors suggested a rare form of surgery that would switch off a part of her brain .
deliver the afterbirth ( placenta ) safely and care for the mother after the baby is born
asking the reason for not providing passbook or any services ( bank ) related to bank
merchant 's mobile number and mobile money identifier
rs . 30 ,000/- per quarter
establish regional , nodal , and entrepreneurship hubs to coordinate and support entrepreneurship programmes at all levels .
urban flood risk in india
The panelists of Pravasi Bharatiya Panel on “Role of Indian Diaspora in Capacity Building for Affordable Solar Power ” called on Prime Minister today .
5 . The two leaders discussed the security situation prevailing along their borders and expressed concern at various incidents of terrorism and extremist-inspired violence that have taken place in their respective territories .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the appointment of Adjudicating Authority and establishment of Appellate Tribunal under Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions Act( PBPT ) , 1988 .
In this context , Myanmar Institute of Information Technology and Advanced Centre for Agricultural Research and Education are worthy of special mention .
what to do after submitting/registering complaint to bank
All 45 km of Phase I of Chennai Metro becomes operational
vermicompost ( size 7 ’ x3 ’ x1 ’ ) @ rs .5000/ unit x 50
lmmediate assistance of at least rs 5 ,000/- shall be provided by the district administration to the rescued person out of the district bonded labour rehabilitation fund at the disposal of the district magistrate .
on 23 december 2005 , the government of india enacted the disaster management act , which envisaged the creation of the national disaster management authority , headed by the prime minister , and state disaster management authorities headed by respective chief ministers , to spearhead and implement a holistic and integrated approach to disaster management in india .
Now power brokers are not visible in the streets of Delhi .
any worker who is also a student / wife of a worker , who is a student , shall also be covered .
bharat interface for money is based on unified payment interface to facilitate e-payments directly through bank .
it depends .
kept close to and frequently held and cuddled by the mother , father or other primary caregiver
excessive sun and wind
• Bilaspur ( Himachal Pradesh ) in January 2018
In South Africa , the Prime Minister will have bilateral meeting with the South African President and will attend the BRICS Summit and other BRICS related meetings .
the scheme was launched in march , 2010 on a pilot basis for the integrated development of 1000 villages each with more than 50 % village population .
therefore , it is extremely important that patients with severe headaches seek medical care and give their health care practitioner an opportunity to assess their condition .
The unique portal – Nivesh Bandhu – or “investor’s friend ” – that we have just launched , brings together information on central and state government policies , and incentives provided for the food-processing sector .
fund transfer using account number
decadal growth in tribal population
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to release an additional instalment of Dearness Allowance ( DA ) to Central Government employees and Dearness Relief ( DR ) to pensioners w .e .f .
the balance shall have to be arranged through innovative mechanisms by the urban local body .
( f ) The transferee bank shall issue shares to the shareholders of transferor banks as per share exchange ratio .
later on , realising that accelerated development can be provided only if governmental efforts are adequately supplemented by direct and indirect involvement of people at the grass root level , the thrust shifted .
sanitary napkins need to be disposed of carefully with other refuse or burned .
Five ( 5 ) Companies of BSF , CISF and RAF’s have been deployed in the State to carry out rescue and relief measures .
their food should be freshly made and eaten immediately , not left standing .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Economic Times Global Business Summit in New Delhi , on the theme : New Economy – New Rules .
I want to say it on the floor of the Parliament that the Indian National Congress does not want our armed forces to be strong .
early protection is critical  ;
all of these should be given by cup , spoon or paladai ( a cup feeding device ) , or medical tubes used by a trained health worker in a health facility .
if you notice anyone having a seizure , remember the following information  :
mobile apps for citizens feedback
the stomach still changes the food we eat into glucose .
the digishala is an education and non-commercial channel on free dish with aim to  :
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Myanmar on upgradation of the Women’s Police Training Centre at Yamethin , Myanmar .
make children using the internet to work in highly visible areas of the school .
a new employee is one who has not been working in an employees ' provident fund organisationregistered establishment on a regular basis prior to 01 april , 2016 and will be determined by the allocation of a new aadhaar seeded universal account number on or after 01 .04 .2016 .
unemployment allowance to the people with disabilities who are registered with the special employment exchange for more than a year and could not find any gainful occupation
similarly , the creation and dissemination of harmful computer programs or virus which do irreparable damage to computer systems is another kind of cybercrime .
The Prime Minister said that a similar atmosphere exists today when people of the country are coming forward to fulfill their responsibilities towards the nation .
indane policy
consistently high levels of blood glucose , together with high blood pressure and high cholesterol , are the main causes of retinopathy .
He further added that the Union Government’s efforts towards Clean Energy are broad based .
once the payment is done , the application can be submitted .
grant assistance for capacity building of individuals .
after entering the peripheral nerve , the rabies virus is inaccessible to hum oral defenses except perhaps at the dorsal root ganglion .
it is a dreadful feeling to know that a stranger has broken into your computer systems without your knowledge and consent and has tampered with precious confidential data and information .
land development
Congratulating them on their success , the Prime Minister said that the entire nation is proud of our scientists for achieving well , what they had set out to accomplish .
gram sabhas are responsible to estimate the various factors defined above that comprises the cleanliness index .
it is an offence only when the accused intended or knew it to be likely that the acts in question would outrage the victim 's modesty .
this leads to a significantly smoother payment experience .
details of their constitution and the functions of such committees would be prescribed by the state governments in the rules .
These include Model Agricultural Produce and Livestock Marketing Act , 2017 and Model Contract Farming and Services Act , 2018 .
if bottles/teats are used , clean them after each use with boiling water .
MoU between M/o Petroleum & Natural Gas of the Republic of India and Belarusian State Concern of Oil and Chemistry in the Oil and Gas Sector
One day was specifically marked as ‘Africa Day’ .
benefits to the citizens
inculcating mutual cooperation , self-help and self-reliance
through deduction
The Prime Minister arrived at the Swami Vivekanand Airport in Raipur this morning and then left for Balangir .
PM to launch Gangajal Project to Provide Better and More Assured Water Supply PM to Address a Public Gathering in Agra
after filling the form click on “ save as draft/submit  ” button
Shri S K Pattanayak , Secretary ( Agriculture )
data collection
steps to transfer funds using aadhaar number
PM said , “Saddened by the untimely demise of noted actor Sridevi .
He stressed on effective communication strategy .
go out and play instead of watching tv or playing on a device
if you don ’ t , you can be punished under this law .
“When I meet you , I also feel that communication of our people living in foreign countries with government authorities in India is not a one way traffic any more , ” the Prime Minister said .
after 6 months of age , when babies begin to eat foods , breastfeeding should continue for up to two years and beyond because it is an important source of nutrition , energy and protection from illness .
parents or other caregivers need to know that it is safe to immunize a child who has a minor illness or a disability or is suffering from malnutrition .
an affordable housing project can be a mix of houses for different categories but it will be eligible for central assistance , if at least 35 % of the houses in the project are for economically weaker section category and a single project has at least 250 houses .
when talking about hydrogen , just moving even small amounts is a very expensive matter .
all family members , including children , need to wash their hands thoroughly with soap and water after any contact with faeces , before touching or preparing food , and before feeding children .
The Prime Minister mentioned success achieved under the “Beti Bachao , Beti Padhao ” scheme .
change the napkins at least twice a day .
healthy-appearing hens start laying thin-shelled and shell-less eggs .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed a huge gathering of Dawoodi Bohra community , at Ashara Mubaraka , the commemoration of the martyrdom of Imam Husain ( SA ) , in Indore .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will dedicate the Sardar Sarovar Dam to the nation , at Kevadia in Gujarat on September 17 , 2017 .
however , maintenance allowance will be given for a period not exceeding 10 months only in an academic year .
mutations in more than a dozen genes have been found to cause familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis .
Senior officers of Central Public Sector Enterprises , and top Ministry officials will attend the conclave .
sometimes , coughs are signs of a serious problem .
revamped rashtriya swasthya bima yojana  :
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day .
DBT shall match such funding by £5 million ( approx .
send the associated logs to a centralized log repository for monitoring and analysis .
the woman and her family should be given an estimate of the expenses for the delivery and related aspects ( such as transport etc . . . )
heat wave killed thousands of people and has also caused death of cattle and wildlife besides affecting animals in various zoos in india .
A total of 845 fishermen have been rescued or assisted till date .
do not use candles .
specially developed breeds of egg type chicken are now available with traits of quick growth and high feed conversion efficiency .
4 ) she and her baby have access to specialized care if there are complications  ;
for instance , if a volunteer is doctor , in case of medical emergencies , he / she can give pre hospital care before the ambulance reaches to the site .
application procedure
never reveal your personal information such as entire name , address , phone number , bank account and credit card numbers
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed condolences on the passing away of Mr . George Fernandes .
better livelihood opportunities
He said that out of 13 crore loans given under Mudra Yojana , more than 75 percent have been given to women entrepreneurs .
4 . The President of India met the President of Maldives on 17 December 2018 , and hosted a banquet in honour of President Solih later the same evening .
Today he added , Ayushman Bharat and Gram Swaraj Abhiyan , are being launched from the State .
Mr . Rajendra Singh from Dehradun is an ex-Armyman .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has approved the creation of National Bench of the Goods and Services Tax Appellate Tribunal ( GSTAT ) .
However , for decades , the building in which the trials happened , lay forgotten inside the Red Fort Complex .
excessive vomiting , wherein the woman is unable to take anything orally , leading to a decreased urinary output .
The Union Government’s interventions and initiatives taken for the sugarcane sector are likely to come up for discussion during the meeting .
And I am pleased to exchange perspectives with you on the shared priority of achieving comprehensive sustainable development .
there will be 5 % relaxation for students .
hence , there has been an increasing interest in low cost water harvesting ponds for small scale farming practices as to tackle such problems in north eastern hilly region of india .
grain smut ,
after publication of the examination results/enrollment in professional course , the mill units will verify the documents and submit to mill a consolidated list of eligible candidates in the prescribed format along with relevant bank details for transfer of fund .
in the matter of exemption from fees or other concessions also they will be treated as if they were studying in their own state .
It means , ‘I know what is righteousness but I have no desire to follow that path , I also know what is wickedness but I have no desire to refrain from it .’
the scheme was operational during the period 25th december , 2016 to 14th april 2017 .
The developed road shall be useful for Central Water Commission , as a Center of Excellence is proposed to be constructed over the allotted land .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , dedicated the National Police Memorial to the nation , on Police Commemoration Day , today .
Mr . Goh Chok Tong , Emeritus Senior Minister of Singapore , called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
In order to ensure more beds , more hospitals and more doctors , Government has opened 92 medical colleges and increased MBBS seats by 15000 .
appointment of proxy by classified service voter to give vote / revocation of appointment of proxy or appointment of substitute proxy by classified service voter to give vote . form
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has given its approval to expenditure sanction of Rs .4 ,241 .97 crore for Integrated E-filing & Centralized Processing Center 2 .0 Project of the Income Tax Department .
likewise you can also submit right to information application to first appeal in same website by clicking on “ below poverty line  ” option available at the top of the website .
cereals ( 7 ) - paddy , wheat , barley , jowar , bajra , maize and ragi
mobile based emergency services and disaster-related services would be provided to citizens on a real-time basis so as to take precautionary measures well in time and minimize loss of lives and properties .
wash her or his own hands .
rich fiber diet to avoid constipation .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 37 to 278 kg
to provide flexibility and autonomy to the states in planning and executing programmes for agriculture
mean composition of animal manure
education
believe in the official information
saksham
the transaction flow for funds transfer using account number and mobile pin is as follows  :
there are many documents suggested to prove your place of residence and you can choose any one of the following  : -
Through Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Pariyojna , training has been given to over 33 lakh women farmers .
you have not received a reply from your bank within one month from the date of receipt of complaint by the bank , or
4000 girls are expected to benefit of scholarships available per annum .
lack of sustainability of water supply and sanitation services ,
The Prime Minister recalled that it was in April 1944 , in Manipur , that Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose’s INA gave the clarion call for freedom .
build a rapport between the pregnant woman and the heath worker .
the industrial training institutes in the country are the backbone of the vocational training system , the only source of supply of skilled manpower to manufacturing industry .
While aiming for fast economic growth , India is also rooted in the principles of ensuring sustainable economic growth .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the following two instruments , namely , a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) and a Memorandum of Cooperation ( MoC ) , with Russia on 5th October , 2018 :
in india , cyclones are classified by  :
persons who have difficulty breathing or shortness of breath should seek immediate medical attention and report to the nearby hospital .
it is estimated that the lives of at least 1 .2 million children would be saved every year .
instant account to wallet and vice versa
a gram panchayat would be the basic unit .
· Meeting of Customs Experts – 16 to 17 April ( Durban )
the successful industrial training institutes graduates are also to be projected as national brand ambassadors of vocational training .
Governor of Manipur , Dr . Najma Heptullah ,
it is absolutely known that germs easily grow in unclean bodies and cause illnesses .
migration of students from one institution to another would not normally be allowed during the course of academic year except under exceptional circumstances and in the interest of student 's academic career .
personal hygiene are the behaviours that must be practised in daily life , starting from morning to sleep time to protect our health .
this helps stop the spread of germs .
extensive radiological survey for an assessment of the radiological conditions within the site boundary of the nuclear facility .
He Prime Minister expressed satisfaction that 1 Crore 57 lakhs people from Tamil Nadu are covered under this scheme .
her internal organs especially the womb , return to normal size .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the setting up of the 15thFinance Commission .
data in memory is nearly impossible to defend if an attacker has access to the system .
a strong mechanism has been recommended for effective emergency response by involving local police network , civil defence volunteers wherever available , home guards , state disaster response forces and national disaster response force .
right to information act provides right to citizen of india to access to information from central and state government .
the death or disability claims under the scheme will be settled by the aadhar card unit of unique identification card by making direct payment to the beneficiaries through aadhar card or where there is no aadhar card facility available then in such cases directly to the bank account of beneficiaries with prior approval from competent authority the payee cheque or claim can be paid by any other mode as decided by unique identification card .
a child who has a prolonged cough that persists for more than three weeks needs immediate medical attention .
because of the lack of awareness about the value of non timber forest produce produce , particularly vulnerable tribal groups have been exploited by the middle men .
the term used in the law for children between 14 and 18 is ‘ adolescents ’ .
As a government sensitive to the needs of people , efforts are being made to turn Digital India into a reality .
click here to start applying online
blindness
proof of residence ( such as driving license , passport , bank pass book , any postal letter received in your name on your address etc ) .
provides pre-hospital care to the victim .
rupay is a brand of national payments corporation of india under which it operates the card scheme .
the resulting gas can be let off into the atmosphere or it can be tapped for burning as a fuel .
so , instead of burning a fuel , nuclear power plants use the energy released by the chain reaction to change the energy of atoms into heat energy .
search the name in electoral list .
Additional Secretary , Ministry of Housing & Urban Affairs( MoHUA ) , Govt . of India ;
most coughs , colds , fevers , sore throats and runny noses end without requiring medication .
drink adequate water
Rashtriya Kamdhenu Aayog is being set up for conservation , protection and development of cows .
locomotor disabilities & cerebral palsy
download the bharat interface for money ( for android phones ) .
mobile pin is like a password and used for authenticating financial transactions .
that would be a vital step for boosting manufacturing .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has exrepressed grief and extended condolences on demise of former Civil Servant TSR Subramanian .
a doctor or ambulance must also be summoned as soon as possible .
concentrated feed computed with different feed ingredients
elevated pressures may make the diagnosis of idiopathic intracranial hypertension in combination with the appropriate circumstances .
Participating in workshops and training courses ; iv .
engaging with and mobilizing the community for participatory local level development .
Partaking of LANGAR together created a feeling of unity & oneness in people .
prescribe antimalarial tablets and recommend use of an insecticide-treated mosquito net where needed
for example , to get a fixed monthly pension between rs . 1 ,000 per month and rs . 5 ,000 per month , the subscriber has to contribute on monthly basis between rs . 42 and rs . 210 , if he joins at the age of 18 years .
do not litter waste , plastic bags , plastic bottles in drains
The Prime Minister described the Kumbh as a symbol of India and Indianness .
preparedness for blood donation
The Government has so far given sanctions to build more than 47 lakh houses in urban areas , which is 4 times more than the sanctions given by the previous government in 10 years .
if the user witness any unusual behavior such as an unknown communication sent by the system , unidentified data consumption , self-installed application/software , etc . the computer / device should be scanned immediately with antivirus scanners or rescue disks provided freely or commercially by different antivirus vendors to detect malware/botnet infections .
never use terminals or other electrical equipment while standing on wet floors , especially concrete .
they serve as alternate hosts for crop pests and diseases .
transactions between rs 50 - rs 3 ,000 .
Foundation stone of doubling of 425 km long Jhansi-Manikpur and Bhimsen-Khairar railway lines and Coach Refurbishing Workshop in Jhansi was also laid by the PM on this occasion .
my date of birth in electronic toll collection and aadhaar do not match .
there are about 1861 major accident hazard units , spread across 298 districts and 25 states & 3 union territories , in all zones of country .
and 5 ) she and her baby are checked regularly during the 24 hours after childbirth , in the first week , and again six weeks after giving birth .
center information commission
however , diarrhoea due to other bacteria or viruses can still occur in children who receive the rotavirus vaccine .
diabetes - basics
pain when urinating
The Prime Minister said that the Swachh Seva Samman Kosh , announced today would help the sanitation workers and their families , in times of need .
the poor and marginal farmers in the villages who can not afford to provide the above feed , can feed their pigs with sweat potato ( 6 0 % ) , protein source , vitamins and minerals .
take the patient to the doctor at the earliest
PM Muscat welcomed Indian Pharma and IT industry to make Malta a potential hub for African and European markets .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will embark on a visit to two states : Gujarat and Tamil Nadu ; and two Union Territories : Daman & Diu and Puducherry , over the next two days .
the national policy framework has been prepared after due deliberation and keeping in view the national vision to build a safe and disaster-resilient india by developing a holistic , proactive , multi-disaster and technology-driven strategy for dm .
In our discussion today , I once again assured President Abbas that India is committed to take care of the interests of the Palestinian people .
about the portal
non-tribal and tribal the process of selection will vary for each of these categories .
the banks update the details and on completion of the same , the account is seeded with the aadhaar number .
when you meditate , you concentrate on your breathing while dismissing any distracting thoughts .
noticeable symptoms include flaccid paralysis of the limbs , starting with bitten limb .
maintenance allowance is payable from 1st april or from the month of admission , whichever is later , to the month in which the examinations are completed , at the end of the academic year ( including maintenance allowance during holidays ) , provided that if the scholar secures admission after the 20th day of a month , the amount will be paid from the month following the month of admission .
PM also acclaimed the success of Newborn care , which benefits 1 .25 million children of the country every year .
Shri M . K . Das , Principal Secretary , Industries & Mines , Govt . of Gujarat
earmarking of project funds for neeranchal preparation ( 1 % ) , entry point activities ( 4 % ) , capacity building ( 5 % ) , monitoring ( 1 % ) and evaluation ( 1 % ) .
a windbreaker can be used to reduce effects of drying out .
provide referrals when needed to groups in the community that provide support and protect pregnant women living with violence
H . E . Mr . Recep Tayyip Erdogan , President of the Republic of Turkey , called Prime Minister Narendra Modi over telephone today .
He said the objective is to build convenient , comfortable and affordable urban transport systems in our cities .
Each college campus is made disabled friendly .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the permanent transfer of land measuring 1899 sq .m . by Airports Authority of India ( AAI ) to Lucknow Metro Rail Corportion ( LMRC ) at Chaudhary Charan Singh International Airport , Lucknow .
voter 's identity card
ensure that toe of slope is not cut , remains protected , don ’ t uproot trees unless revegetation is planned .
On this occasion , the Prime Minister congratulated all those associated with ICSI .
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 4480
There is a lot that India and the Philippines share in common :
Every Indian requires skill development .
it says you have to pay money ( a `` ransom '' ) to get access to your environment again .
2 . The present 11 TRCA slabs will be merged into only three TRCA Slabs with two levels each for BPMs and other than BPMs .
if the number of representatives of the scheduled tribes in the legislative assembly of the state is less than the number of seats in the tribes advisory council to be filled by such representatives , the remaining seats shall be filled by other members of those tribes .
a trained health worker can provide further guidance on expressing and heat-treating breast milk .
adolescents are more likely to start smoking if
it even has a referral system should the need to refer arise .
agriculture
electricity connection to all households and street-lights including from alternative sources of energy , especially solar
The two leaders reviewed and positively assessed the progress of the multi-faceted India-Afghanistan strategic partnership .
landslides in the darjeeling district of west bengal as also those in sikkim , mizoram , tripura , meghalaya , assam , nagaland and arunachal pradesh pose chronic problems , causing recurring economic losses worth billions of rupees .
Emphasizing on the changes brought by the present government in PMAY , Prime Minister said that the size of houses built have been increased to 25 square metre from 20 square metres .
it will respond well to added fertilizer and other inputs .
view status of jobs posted
He also mentioned the tourism projects being inaugurated today .
These include : Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana ( Urban ) ; Atal Mission for Rejuvenation of Urban Transfornation ( AMRUT ) ; and the Smart Cities Mission .
benefits
The Maharashtra Government will provide all possible assistance to those affected , ” the Prime Minister said .
Accession to the Nice , Vienna and Locarno Agreements will help the Intellectual Property Office in India to harmonise the classification systems for examinational of trademark and design applications , in line with the classification systems followed globally .
indian cuisine varies widely across the country according to the region , culture and tradition , characterized by the use of different spices , vegetables , grains , fruits and a variety of animal source foods .
leading members of the community
This is over 21 per cent more than in the previous year .
definition of heat-wave
the pig house also provides better micro - environment both summer and winter , better physiological adaptation .
various ministries can co-contribute premium for various categories of their beneficiaries from their budget or from public welfare fund created in this budget from unclaimed money .
Later in the day , PM inaugurated a state of the art super speciality , Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus Hospital in Surat .
by facilitating the sharing of best practices and experiences between national and international regulatory authorities  ;
the mode of counselling - telephonic , in-person or video conferencing is up to the job-seeker .
because of this , standing crop will get affected .
· Meeting of the BRICS Think-Tank Council ( BTTC ) – 28 May ( Parktown )
3 ,200/ - ( 75 % of the purchasing cost or rs . 3 ,200/ - whichever is less )
application for name correction
all untouchability families , especially those belonging to girls/women have food and livelihood security , and are enabled to cross the poverty line and earn an adequate livelihood
Arriving at the venue directly from the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas celebrations , the Prime Minister unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of 55 outlets which would serve as Centers of Excellence at the Hastkala Sankul , which is a complex dedicated to the handicrafts of the region .
The Prime Minister explained how better targeting of government benefits has been achieved by weeding out about 6 crore fake beneficiaries .
signs that the baby is well attached  :
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , addressed the ‘Campaign for Drugs Free India’ , organized by the Art of Living Foundation , through video message .
coir pith compost
under the aegis of pradhan mantri yojana , mudra has already created the following products / schemes .
changes in the body , behaviour and lifestyle are some of them .
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government and State Government are working continuously for the development of Nagpur , keeping its future requirements in mind .
Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) of the Ministry of Micro , Small and Medium Enterprises .
for the same reason do not hold the casualty under the armpits
The Prime Minister said that Vakil Saheb – Laxmanrao Inamdar – was one such person .
similar options are available on other social networking sites .
He said that the Union Government is taking strong action against terrorism .
Land for the project will be transferred free of cost .
non-acceptance , without sufficient cause , of small denomination notes tendered for any purpose , and for charging of commission in respect thereof
view and update profile of skill provider
tablet anti-spasmodic .
constitution of india
He urged overseas Indian to invite 5 non Indian families to visit India .
employment exchanges have been renamed as `` employment guidance and promotion centres '' as the focus is now on vocational guidance and career counselling besides registration , submission , placement , etc .
the mother will produce more milk if she does not give the child other food or liquids and if she breastfeeds often .
therefore , older people are more vulnerable to injury and disorders .
where the woman will give birth and where she will go if complications arise
sequencing batch reactor system
monthly reader allowance for blind students
my fingers do not work , when asked to place them on finger print device  ?
In this context , he mentioned the NDRF , the boatmen , the local population , and the sanitation workers as well .
· 2nd Meeting of the BRICS Anti-Corruption Working Group – 26 June ( Paris , France )
the stage where a decline in function happens that ultimately leads to death is generally called ageing .
feed consumption decreases .
switch off the light of well in the day time .
an all-new random inspection scheme  :
recent ransomware attacks
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to former Prime Minister , Shri Chaudhary Charan Singh , on his birth anniversary .
additional layers of security provided by these devices should be used .
the vision of national payments corporation of india being able to provide citizens of our country anytime , anywhere payment services which are simple , easy to use , safe , and secure , fast and also cost effective .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will lead the 4th International Yoga Day Celebrations in Dehradun on June 21 , 2018 .
it is a basic earth element and is very abundant .
the overall objective of pradhan mantri khanij kshetra kalyan yojana scheme include
bone health
national urban health mission
download the mobile application or alternatively visit the nearest jeevan pramaan centre to get your self registered .
He said the Government is working with a different approach on these 115 districts .
a person who had an insanitary latrine at the time the act came into force had to pull it down or convert it within 6 months .
faulty construction , poorly maintained infrastructure , loose building elements , etc .
It stands for a free , open , inclusive region , which embraces us all in a common pursuit of progress and prosperity .
it is estimated that 6 % of men and up to 18 % of women will experience a migraine headache in their lifetime .
scissors
guidelines for conducting written examination for persons with disabilities has been issued .
on the demand side , it promotes financial literacy among the poor and provides catalytic capital to the financial inclusion and their federations .
someone is employing children in my neighbourhood . what can i do  ?
going out into the cold weather has no effect on the spread of a cold
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing Memorandum of Understanding between India and Saudi Arabia on establishing a mechanism for investment Infrastructure in Indian .
investment credit requirement for agriculture and allied activities like pump sets , sprayers , dairy animals , floriculture , horticulture etc
The Prime Minister will travel in the maiden voyage of this service , from Ghogha to Dahej .
MoU between Indian Council of Agricultural Research , New Delhi , India and Belarusian State Agricultural Academy , Gorki , Belarus for Cooperation in Agricultural Research and Education
it was previously revised in 1994 , 2001 , 2004 and 2007 .
He said the Government’s effort is to ensure that maximum businesses register for GST .
reduce waste
be very careful to mix the correct amounts .
the annual income cap is up to rs 3 lakh for economically weaker section , rs 3-6 lakh for low-income groupsand rs 6 + -18 lakhs for middle income groups .
• Agriculture Trade Policy and Export Promotion ; Market Structure and Marketing Efficiency
45 . Prime Minister expressed his thanks to the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques and to Highness the Crown Prince for increasing the quota for Hajj pilgrims from India to 200 ,000 to reflect the latest census .
if your children 's school is in an identified inundation zone , find out what the school evacuation plan is .
the national cyber security policy 2013 notified by national geo-spatial information system must be followed .
check yourself for injuries and get first aid if necessary before helping injured or trapped persons .
Under Pradhan Mantri Gramin Sadak Yojna , now the villages will be connected to rural haats ( markets ) , higher education centers and hospitals .
wash your hands before cooking and serving the food .
But , it is a testimony to Singapore’s spirit that school children can also learn five other Indian languages .
is it required to give any reason for seeking information  ?
You need the government to grant a license to manufacture .
“I bow to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose on his Jayanti .
the mode of payment , in case of death of the recipient , of financial assistance will be as under  :
13 . The Prime Minister informed the decision by the Government of India to provide 1000 additional slots over next 5 years for training and capacity building in diverse fields including judicial , policing and law-enforcement , audit and financial management , local governance , community development , IT , e-governance , sports , media , youth and women empowerment , leadership , innovation & entrepreneurship , art & culture .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , on Thursday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors including PMGSY , housing , coal and power .
the length of the estrous cycle averages approximately 21days ( 18 - 24 days ) .
package 5  : pre-conception and antenatal care
a scheme of landslide database is in progress using under the guidance of shri b . bhattacharjee , hon'ble member , the national remote sensing center .
keeping in line with these obligations and with a view to encourage pro bono legal services the department of justice intends to create a database of lawyers willing to provide their services to litigants identified under section 12 of the legal services authority act of 1987 .
tension headaches occur because of physical or emotional stress placed on the body .
He mentioned other areas such as transportation and smart mobility , where it could play a key role .
submit your filled form along with the relevant documents to an aggregator .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi chaired the sixth meeting of National Disaster Management Authority ( NDMA ) at New Delhi , today .
the banking ombudsman scheme-2006 provides facilities to all bank customers to submit their banking service related grievance to concerned commercial bank ( public sector and private sector ) , regional rural banks and scheduled primary co-operative banks and it is mandatory for all banks to redress the customer grievance within specific time period .
He will visit the Cellular Jail in the city .
purpose of first aid
a child who has a prolonged cough that persists for more than three weeks needs immediate medical attention .
rural environments and the drinking of well water may be risks as they are an indirect measures of exposure to pesticide .
poor fittings
there are many different designs available .
Recognizing the tourism potential of Kerala we have sanctioned 7 projects in the State under the Swadesh Darshan and PRASAD schemes for an approximate amount of Rs . 550 crore .
new vaccines against other illnesses , such as pneumonia and diarrhoea caused by rotavirus , have been developed and are now more widely used .
deep litter housing is a type of pig housing where the floor is filled with sawdust 2 - 3 feet in the both open and covered are a , which is well suited for high rainfall and high altitude area .
talent refers to the potentiality that manifests itself in a high level of performance in one or more specialized areas .
SFAC is a registered society set up under the Societies Registration Act XXI of 1860 under the administrative control of Department of Agriculture Cooperation and Farmers Welfare , Ministry of Agriculture & Farmers Welfare , Government of India .
implementing agencies
the mosquito larvae and pupae develop in water  ;
· Second Meeting of the BRICS Sherpas/Sous-Sherpas – 24 to 26 April ( BelaBela , Limpopo )
Parties have also agreed to initiate the work on setting up the new collective finance goals post-2020 from the floor of US$ 100 billion .
the scheme was launched on 8th april , 2015 by the hon'ble prime minister .
The Prime Minister stressed on providing maximum benefit to the poor and marginalized sections of society , under this scheme .
after this , it is filtered .
source  : coir board
provide a common portal for various scholarships schemes of central and state governments
Shri Narendra Modi’s pet project , Swacchh Bharat Abhiyan , inspired by the teachings of Mahatma Gandhi , was launched on Gandhi Jayanti , October 2 , 2014 in New Delhi .
Share your good wishes and words of encouragement for the team of Navika Sagar Parikrama , on the NM App ” , the Prime Minister said .
work together in your community to apply your knowledge to building codes , retrofitting programmes , hazard hunts , and neighborhood and family emergency plans .
since lined the pond base is treated with 3-5 cm layer soil ( approx ) .
The day-long meeting will be attended by Union Ministers , Chief Ministers from the States , Lieutenant Governors of Union Territories and senior officials from the Government of India .
Governor of Jharkhand Ms Draupadi Murmu and CM of Jharkhand Shri Raghuvar Das was also present on the occasion .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of an Agreement between India and Uzbekistan on cooperation in health and medical science .
recognition of brand ambassadors of industrial training institutes
for handling of an off-site emergency condition in an npp , there is an off-site emergency committee headed by the district magistrate of the concerned district and supported by the district subcommittee , which include chiefs of all public service departments relevant to emergency management in the district and also the head of the site emergency committee of the nuclear facility for technical advice .
To take the process forward , a training programme for 40 ,000 grass-roots representatives will be undertaken soon .
· 3rd BRICS Working Group on Cooperation in ICT
financial model .
This has strengthened our resolve of Sab Ka Saath Sabka Vikas ”
Nobody can be allowed to take law into their own hands .
the objectives are to achieve  :
maintain updated antivirus software on all systems
The first twenty one meetings of PRAGATI have seen a cumulative review of 190 projects with a total investment of Rs . 8 .94 lakh crore .
she should learn about the normal phases of pregnancy and how to keep herself and her baby healthy during the pregnancy .
within 30 days of the bank informing you that the cheque has been dishonoured , you or your lawyer sent a written notice to x , demanding the cheque amount  ;
see a healthcare provider if you or your child has
updates can prevent problems of various severities , include new useful features and help keep the wallet safe .
The Prime Minister said that since 2014 , the Union Government has been dealing firmly with the distortions and problems that had arisen in India’s banking sector due to indiscriminate loan advances .
India is making rapid strides towards a gas based economy .
Agartala Airport was constructed in 1942 on the land donated by Maharaja Bir Bikram Manikya Kishore .
The Prime Minister has also approved Rs . 50 ,000 each for those seriously injured due to storm .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Nagaland on their Statehood Day .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing an Agreement on Cooperation between India and Russia in the field of combating all forms of terrorism and organized crime .
user now enters one time password
study tour charges upto a maximum of rs . 900/- per annum limited to the actual expenditure incurred by the student on transportation charges etc . , will be paid to the scholars studying professional and technical courses , provided that the head of the institution certifies that the study tour is essential for the scholar for completion of his/her course of study .
the online complaint management system enables easy reporting and timely action against the offenders under the protection of children from sexual offences act , 2012 .
This is the era of honesty and integrity ; there is no place for those who cheat the system , the Prime Minister said .
aids and appliances shall be made available to the people with disabilities .
mange caused by mites may occur around the head , ears , legs and tails which subsequently spread all over the body .
The 30 th of January is the death anniversary of our revered Bapu , who showed us a new path .
use the geyser efficiently
Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of Sela Tunnel in Arunachal Pradesh .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the introduction of a Bill namely The Constitution ( Scheduled Tribes ) Order ( Amendment ) Bill , 2018 in the Parliament for certain amendments in the Constitution ( Scheduled Tribes ) Order , 1950 so as to modify the list of Scheduled Tribes ( STs ) of Arunachal Pradesh .
the trainer is free to opt for any references and , training methodology/slides , provided the objectives in the sessions are covered in full length .
kept warm , clean , comfortable and safe , and changed regularly and burped after feeding
emotional stress may also cause tension headaches by causing the muscles surrounding the skull to contract .
the e-wallets of the web-page should be verified , by establishing the authenticity of the website by validating its digital certificate .
the complete database available centrally at unified portal will also add to the informed policy process .
provide assistance to victim till the ambulance arrives
duration and seats
deen dayal upadhyaya funds projects with training duration from 576 hours ( 3 months ) to 2304 hours ( 12 months ) .
· Meeting of Civil Society Organisations ( CSOs ) – 25 to 26 June ( Johannesburg )
PM summed it up saying that his Government will always fulfil the aspirations of the people of India .
schools need to promote a safe and secure educational environment for effective teaching and learning and to discourage students from actions detrimental to themselves , their peers and the value system .
they protect children and families at little cost and help realize children 's right to good health and nutrition .
of these , the majority of them have their initial genesis over the bay of bengal and strike the east coast of india .
you are only allowed to get such tests or procedures in order to detect certain abnormalities of the foetus or if you are above 35 years of age or if you suffer from certain health specific problems .
He said that when he assumed office , there were 18 ,000 villages lacking access to electricity .
decadal growth in non-farm work force participation
eg . mixtures of wheat , oats seeds in barley .
conditions for award
This year , India’s jump in ranking is the highest .
He shared his experiences with the Prime Minister today .
e-wallets swaps occurs when fraudsters first collect the user 's information , and use it to get his / her mobile phone sim card blocked , and obtain a duplicate one by visiting the mobile operator 's retail outlet with fake identity proof .
balance enquiry
The Prime Minister said that the ASEAN region is very important for India .
the community/gram panchayat has to be encouraged to come forward and demand such a system , which they can subsequently operate and maintain .
serious complications
the scheme aims to eliminate out of pocket expenses incurred by the pregnant women and sick new borne while accessing services at government health facilities .
this scheme seeks to give assistance to young artistes of outstanding promise for advanced training within india in the field of indian classical music , indian classical dance , theatre , mime , visual art , folk , traditional and indigenous arts and light classical music .
wards of ex- personnel disabled while in service with disability attributable to government service .
major seed quality characters
haryana and telangana
the panchayat and the village health committees who are likely to be aware of pregnant woman in the village should update the list and provide services .
it can be produced again and again , unlike other non-renewable sources of energy .
to support students with disabilities for their study in classes ix and x onwards so that the incidence of drop-out , especially in the transition from the elementary to the secondary stage is minimized ,
Even in many Islamic countries this practice does not exist .
the following are the primary components of rashtriya uchchatar shiksha abhiyan that capture the key action and funding areas that must be pursued for the fulfilment of the targets  :
He said 70 percent cost of establishing these clusters will be borne by the Union Government .
moreover , during the process of scavenging , there is no control over breeding .
if no labour identification number exists , user must create owned/represented establishments and request labour identification number from them through 'establishment ' option at left side menu after login .
“Deeply pained by the accident at the NTPC plant in Raebareli .
a ) proof of your residence , such as driving license , passport , bank pass book , any postal letter received on your address etc .
Lord Vitthal safeguards the interests of the poor , the deprived ones and the ones who are suffering .
greater emphasis on projects for poor rural youth in jammu and kashmir
Speaking about the Government’s initiative towards improving the power sector in India , Prime Minister said that his government focused on all four aspects of power generation , ie , Production , Transmission , Distribution and Connection .
“A well deserved and historic Gold for the Indian women’s Table Tennis team!
legal provisions related to rape
treatment
The Prime Minister outlined the work done to create new transportation infrastructure in the North-East .
what should i do to protect myself while transacting online  ?
user need to enter the one time password and proceed
The three-day mega event , from 10 to 12 February 2019 , will showcase the recent market and investor friendly developments in India’s oil and gas sector .
any indian citizen without any minimum and maximum age limit can submit request for information under right to information act .
the childline is in response to the child rights convention .
that would allot labour identification number to nearly 6 lakhs units and allow them to file online compliance for 16 out of 44 labour laws
taluka or mandal legal services committees have been constituted at the taluk/mandal .
Technology is bringing about accountability and transparency , he said .
lack of information about danger signs and symptoms
for children under 6 months , 10 milligrams per day ( tablet or syrup ) is an appropriate amount .
Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) of the Ministry of Ayurveda , Yoga and Naturopathy , Unani , Siddha and Homoeopathy ( AYUSH ) .
basic training providers interested to avail the benefits of the scheme must fulfill the following  :
create a transparent database of scholars
I also confirm full support and cooperation of India to Brazil and its leadership for the forthcoming BRICS Chairmanship .
In his initial remarks , the Prime Minister quoted a story written by MunshiPremchand in 1933 , to highlight the importance of easing the lives of home-makers .
these criteria are not spelt out in the constitution of india but have become well established .
Prime complemented the schoolchildren for their scientific skills and encouraged them to come up with more such inventions .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Jordan for mining and beneficiation of Rock Phosphate & MOP and setting up production facility in Jordan for Phosphoric Acid/DAP/NPK Fertilizerswith a long term agreement for 100% off-take to India .
· Meeting of BRICS Ministers of Finance and Central Bank Governors – 19 to 22 July ( Argentina )
public sector insurance companies will provide incentive , by way of discount or credit , upto 10 % of the premium in general insurance policies and 8 % in new life policies of life insurance corporation sold through the customer portals , in case payment is made through digital means .
On Sunday , the Prime Minister will inaugurate Phase 1 , which is passenger movement .
bites by vipers can cause bleeding of internal organs such as the brain or bowels .
feeling shame and guilt with poor interpersonal relationship & self esteem are other consequences of sexually abused children .
The ancient wisdom of the region is our common heritage .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will visit Hazira in Surat tomorrow on 19 January 2019 .
pradhan mantri yuva yojana
strategic intervention packages
as far as practicable , clusters of villages would follow administrative convergence units of gram panchayats and shall be within a single block/tehsil for administrative convenience .
suitable for e-com & m-com transaction
remove the outer seed coat and use only the kernel .
skill providers
tsunami water , like floodwater , can undermine foundations , causing buildings to sink , floors to crack , or walls to collapse .
This year we aim to achieve hundred per cent electrification of households in India , through a targeted programme called SAUBHAGYA .
first aid treatment must reduce the temperature in the damaged tissue .
organizing startup fests for showcasing innovation and providing a collaboration platform
keep all the micro software , application , antivirus regularly updated
good housing with adequate feeding and proper health cover are essential requirement for pigs .
IPPB will offer a range of products such as savings and current accounts , money transfer , direct benefit transfers , bill and utility payments , and enterprise and merchant payments .
each phase of child as a new born , infant , toddler and school going age needs special attention and care to protect and prevent diseases and to optimise the growth and development to their full potential .
a separate component to synergise vocational education with higher education has also been included in rashtriya uchchatar shiksha abhiyan .
overview
The Prime Minister spoke at length of the economic development that has taken place in India recently .
There is also special focus on the Micro , Small and Medium Enterprise Sector .
why cyberlaw in india  ?
karnataka – 517
greenish diarrhea is common in dying birds .
cereals , milk and milk products ,
khoa ,
the mentally retarded person has a right of economic security and of a decent standard of living .
girls with more formal education are better equipped to fulfil their potential in life .
the pattern of written examination for class viii will be as follows  :
welcome screen will appear asking you to enter your bank ’ s 3 letters short name or t first 4 letters of mobile pin
the changing job patterns and working relationships , the rise in self employment , greater sub-contracting , outsourcing of work , homework and the increasing number of employees working away from their establishment , pose problems to management of occupational safety and health risks at workplaces .
the profits of startup initiatives are exempted from income-tax for a period of 3 years .
telephone numbers of help desks are also displayed at every machine .
check for anaemia and provide iron-folic acid supplements , ensure that the woman understands the importance of taking the supplements and explain the normal side effects , including constipation and nausea
in the basic payee initiated flows , the payment request is routed by the initiating application through the switch to the payer for approval .
mortality in young birds averages 5-20 per cent , but may be as high as 50 per cent .
talk to your friends , parents or other trusted adults if someone offers you substances to use .
create an `` on - line market place '' - a web based platform connecting entrepreneurs to each other for peer - to - peer networking and investors , financial institutions and business services such as legal , accounting , technology and services .
• The World is committedto the climate change agendabased on the COP-21agreement .
gang rape
palpitations ,
to provide a platform for the retiring central government employees to showcase commendable work done during service .
post-matric scholarship for students belonging to scheduled castes
learning resources on electromagnetic frequency
He even presented some samples to the Prime Minister .
at present , there are 259 designated trades are available for apprenticeship training .
From Dahej , the Prime Minister will travel to Vadodara .
the female pig becomes sexually mature between 8 - 10 months depending on the breed and nutrition level .
The amount will be transferred directly to the bank account of beneficiaries through Direct Benefit Transfer .
Over the last four years , the aim of my government is to reduce government and increase governance .
registration of organizations/associations
There is vast potential for India-Israel partnership in this area .
if you have time , bring in outdoor furniture .
appeal/complaint at central information commission
In Rwanda , Prime Minister will visit the Genocide Memorial and participate in an event on “Girinka ” ( one cow per family ) , a national social protection scheme of Rwanda personally initiated by President Paul Kagame .
the portal also has ‘ electromagnetic frequency overview ’ and ‘ learn ’ sections , which provide numerous articles , booklets and videos , to further educate the citizens about emf and coverage of telecom service .
And to give his life , as blessing
mini statement
exercising everyday can help prevent the above complications and provide a lot of relief in some chronic conditions such as osteoarthritis and osteoporosis .
increased hunger
The Pradhanmantri Jan Arogya Abhiyan and Ayushman Bharat Yojana will cover 10 crore families of the country .
rules to follow
In his address , the Prime Minister mentioned the emphasis that Mahatma Gandhi placed on cleanliness .
weight loss
the husband should be informed that this is normal and the woman ‘ s consent should be sought before engaging in sex .
it can be managed through regular eye checks and keeping glucose and lipid levels at or close to normal .
construction of building including 2 room accommodation for warden
this part suggests the readers about the various study and job opportunities available after 10th standard , graduation and other information .
instant domestic fund transfer
it is far easier , and healthier , to sort out arguments and problems when one can talk to someone face to face
He said Indian cuisine is also fast gaining popularity in Korea .
best practices for securing e-wallets
from the academic year 2015-16 onwards , the prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme for engineering will be implemented through national scholarship portal .
for enquiries  : 23708275 , 23705953 , fax no . 23350832
do not get carried away by strangers who try to help you use the micro machine .
symptoms
seek medical advice in case of rashes , mental irritation or unconsciousness . .
the gilt must grow rapidly to attain sexual maturity , initiate estrous cycle , ovulate and be mated by a fertile boar or inseminated with fertile semen .
While terming the improvement in the rankings as historic , the Prime Minister in a series of tweets , said that the jump is the outcome of the all-round and multi-sectoral reform push of Team India .
wash , peel or cook all foods .
he gets a confirmation on his mobile and the channel is automatically turned on for him to view .
ducks aerate the water while swimming  ; thus they have been biological aerators .
in some individuals seizures are not so severe .
50 breaths a minute or more  ;
on an average , 5-6 heat wave events occur every year over the northern parts of the country .
after saving , student will get a “ temporary esign  ” .
national e-library
We know how to distribute the fruits of progress and prosperity to the common man .
Both leaders witnessed the exchange of the contract between the Department of Atomic Energy of India and the Novoi Minerals and Metallurgical Company of the Republic of Uzbekistan on long-term supply of Uranium Ore Concentrate for India’s energy requirements .
click send money option
This App is actually bringing in a Digital Revolution in the village , with the help of this App , it has since become easier to record , track and monitor developmental work being done in the village .
now a day ’ s plastic slated floors are also available in the market .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today met and interacted with the recipients of the Nari Shakti Puraskar .
Agreement for International joint exchange programme between interdisciplinary theoretical and mathematical sciences programme ( iTHEMS ) , RIKEN and National Centres for Biological Sciences ( Simons-NCBS )
new model colleges ( general )
a warm sea ( a temperature in excess of 26 degrees celsius to a depth of 60 m ) with abundant and turbulent transfer of water vapour to the overlying atmosphere by evaporation .
any person who has been employed to handle undecomposed human waste from an insanitary latrine , open drain or pit or railway track is a manual scavenger under this law .
as the nature of internet is changing and this new medium is being seen as the ultimate medium ever evolved in human history , every activity of yours in cyberspace can and will have a cyberlegal perspective .
atal pension yojana
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed a Students’ Convention on the occasion of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay Centenary Celebrations , and 125th Year of Swami Vivekananda’s Chicago Address , at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi .
It was on the 9 th of January , when our revered Mahatma Gandhi returned to India from South Africa .
With this commitment , my government gave the final sanction to this project in January 2015 .
when a tropical storm intensifies , the air rises in vigorous thunderstorms and tends to spread out horizontally at the tropopause level .
Speaking on the occasion , Prime Minister extended Dussehra greetings to all Indians .
infectious bursal
select a convenient channel to transfer money bank app
utility bill payment cashback
indian computer emergency response team has issued a critical alert in this regard .
wards of central armed police forces personnel disabled in action
Welcoming the Prime Minister of Bangladesh , Sheikh Hasina , he said that India and Bangladesh are two nations , whose interests are linked to mutual cooperation and coordination among each other .
do not use candles .
They stressed upon the urgent need to pursue UN reforms , including of the Security Council .
vision
finishers
however , if you can ’ t or don ’ t want to add a phone number to your account , many websites may ask you to choose a question to verify your identity in case you forget your password .
this capping was done to limit government outgo on the premium subsidy .
market value information will be available on the website to the citizen
ranikhet disease vaccine
calcium is also present in ragi and bajra .
This budget takes care of the interest of several sectors- from farmer welfare to middle class , from income tax relief to infrastructure , from manufacturing to MSME , from housing to healthcare and from the increased pace of development to the New India .
The Prime Minister appealed to the Cadets to promote digital transactions through the BHIM App , and to motivate others to join that platform .
no cure has yet been found for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis .
As of March , 2018 , a total number of 2 .23 lakh senior citizens are being benefited under PMVVY .
the mentally retarded person has a right to get protection from exploitation , abuse and a degrading treatment .
· BRICS Science Academies Dialogue ( Johannesburg )
source  : national institute of nutrition
the preliminary assessment shall be conducted based on the documents /information submitted along with the application .
“Manipur is blessed with immense natural beauty and hardworking citizens .
there are several challenges preventing india ’ s rural poor from competing in the modern market , such as the lack of formal education and marketable skills .
by providing specific measures to prevent catastrophes , and to co-ordinate and specify the actions to be taken at different levels , particularly in the industrial zones with high potential risks  ;
it is lawful to children between 14 and 18 , as long as the places are not dangerous ( explained below ) .
the digishala is an education and non-commercial channel on free dish with aim to  :
myrobalan
it accumulates in neuromuscular and neurotendinal spindles and , after an uncertain interval of days or weeks , gains access to the peripheral nerves .
He said the change in work culture in the Union Government is strengthening the energy sector .
ensure good attachment of the baby to the breast
the concept has evolved over the last couple of decades as the threat to the physical well being of children has become more visible both globally and in the country .
urine soaked material along with dung is removed every day and formed into a layer of about 15 thick at suitable sites .
prepare and thoroughly cook food just before eating ( food left standing can collect germs that can cause diarrhoea .
if the scholar changes the subject of the course of study for which scholarship was originally awarded or changes the institution of study without the prior approval of the welfare commissioner .
availability of resources for providing essential primary health care to urban poor .
frequent infections
this form of rabies occurs in 1/5th of the cases .
after registration , urban ensures that all basic laboratory investigations are done before the beneficiary is examined by the medical officer .
if more than this is falling out it is a cause of concern .
step ii - you will get a number of choices , click on form 6  : application for inclusion as a new voter for the first time .
the punishment is rigorous imprisonment of between 20 years and life imprisonment .
Let me also talk about defence and security .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today remotely inaugurated urban development projects at various locations across the State .
conditions for scholarship
Your Excellency शेख हसीना , Prime Minister of Bangladesh ,
Pilgrims go to have a darshan of Vitthal who is also known as Vithoba or Pandurang .
file size of the attached document should not be more than 2 .
There he will inaugurate Lower Panazara medium Project under PMKSY .
it may utilize all government assets and services to impose user charges and shall be free to determine the quantum of charges on the basis of local circumstances .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its ex-post facto approval to the signing of Memorandum of Cooperation ( MoC ) between India and the Kanagawa Prefectural Government of Japan in the field of Healthcare and Wellness .
if bank is unable to resolve your problems or have not responded to your complaint within one month , then send one reminder to bank regarding your complaint .
less than 1 per cent microfilaria prevalence in all districts
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the inaugural session of the PIO-Parliamentarian Conference in New Delhi .
to report a crime
if trapped under debris
Minister of State in the Ministry of Food Processing Industries .
The Russian Side offered its expertise in tax collection based on satellite navigation technologies for the realization of joint projects in India including in the framework of above mentioned industrial corridors .
e-literacy
use make-believe objects in play
in this portal information is provided for safe motherhood and care for good reproductive tract health .
it should be registered either under the societies registration act , 1860 or relevant state societies registration act and has already been working for atleast two years  ;
the types of disabilities have been increased from existing 7 to 21 and the central government will have the power to add more types of disabilities .
ensure service delivery structures/schemes & programmes are sufficiently responsive to issues of gender and children ’ s rights .
care to be taken
Before arriving on the dais , the Prime Minister visited an exhibition on government schemes .
cover all food , water and consume only such covered items .
in the case of aadhaar enrolments through exercise , the method of verification is the approved local register of usual residents verification process .
red , yellow and green signify as dangerous , caution and safe in hilly regions of coast , himalayas and rough terrain .
the body in disease as the locus of treatment  ;
degree courses in medical/engineering
stay away from rivers and streams that lead to the ocean as you would stay away from the beach and ocean if there is a tsunami .
proactive steps for inclusion and integration of socially excluded groups , especially scheduled castes and scheduled tribes
extra batteries
to construct shelters/ sheds , bus stands and provide drinking water points in cities , worksites .
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister said that he had the opportunity to work with Shri Venkaiah Naidu for several years .
care
As per the 1997 MoU , the title of the equipment was to be handed over to LAPAN after 05 years , retaining the right of operation , maintenance , and utilisation .
there is also another big imbalance .
raise the head and chest when lying on her or his stomach
marriage and birth registration is compulsory .
Prime Minister said that things have changed from the time where start-ups meant only digital and technology innovation .
yes . in kerala , karnataka , tamil nadu and maharashtra , the state governments have included video piracy as an offence under their respective organised crime laws , popularly known as the goonda acts .
The INS Kalvari is a diesel-electric attack submarine that has been built for the Indian Navy by the Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited .
india too is feeling the impact of climate change in terms of increased instances of heat waves which are more intense in nature with each passing year , and have a devastating impact on human health thereby increasing the number of heat wave casualties .
The first , of 141 million US dollars for electricity lines .
to provide support for undertaking activities such as handloom , powerloom , chikan work , zari and zardozi work , traditional embroidery and hand work , traditional dyeing and printing , apparel design , knitting , cotton ginning , computerized embroidery , stitching and other textile non garment products such as bags , vehicle accessories , furnishing accessories , etc .
in situ slum redevelopmet
Prime Minister Modi congratulated the people and the Government of Nepal for successful conduct of local level , federal parliament and first-ever provincial elections in Nepal and appreciated their vision for stability , and development .
His thoughts , rich work and strong effort towards India’s unity inspire generations of Indians ” , the Prime Minister said .
coordinate the enforcement and implementation of the policy and plan for disaster management  ;
talk to your insurance agent .
the channel will help people understand the use of unified payments interface , aadhaar-enabled payments system , electronic wallets , debit and credit cards .
MeitY negotiated a comprehensive MoU for a focussed cooperation in ICT areas such as in e-Governance , HRD for IT education , Information Security , Electronics Hardware manufacturing , IT embedded Software industry , Telemedicine etc .
disaster management act 2005
breastfeed frequently and on demand
The Myanmar side welcomed this information noting that these temples constitute an important aspect of India-Myanmar cultural heritage .
the energy in 2 .2 pounds ( 1 kilogram ) of hydrogen gas contains about the same as the energy in 1 gallon ( 6 .2 pounds , 2 .8 kilograms ) of gasoline .
Railways were the first departmental undertaking of the Government of India wherein the concept of PLB was introduced in the year 1979-80 .
the perimeter may measure 1 ,000 km but the powerhouse is located within the 100-km radius .
put the contents of the oral rehydration salts packet in a clean container .
women also run the risk of developing it post menopause .
Prime Minister , while addressing the PMMY beneficiaries , said that the scheme has transformed the lives of the poor .
I am told , that this is just the second time in over a century that the Indian Science Congress is being held in the North-East .
always use phishing filters at your internet browser
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with CEOs representing the top companies engaged in the food processing and related sectors across the world .
the user must completely understand the e-wallet providers contract terms and conditions .
surveys , investigations and research shall be conducted to ascertain the cause of occurrence of disabilities .
After graduating from IIT , he resumed RSS work in Mapusa and became a Sanghchalak at the age of 26 .
the symptoms include barely noticeable tremors , experience shaking in one of the limbs , poor posture , loss of balance , and abnormal facial expressions .
ii . foster strong working relations between the two accounting institutes .
another commonly occurring ailment in pig is the skin infection which may be caused by ticks , mites and lice .
reimbursement of compulsory non-refundable fees
in some parts of the world , eye infections can lead to trachoma , which can cause blindness .
timely redressal of grievances will be ensured with the help of the portal .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Morocco on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters .
do not write number on credit/debit card .
through cancellation of units
the central government has the obligation to set up , in accordance with this act and for the purpose of the benefit of the disabled , the national trust for welfare of persons with autism , cerebral palsy , mental retardation and multiple disability at new delhi .
after six months of age , a child should eat a variety of healthy foods and continue to breastfeed , to ensure that she or he gets the nutrients necessary to stay healthy and be less susceptible to respiratory infections and other illnesses .
quality mark for milk and milk products
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Krishi Kumbh in Lucknow , via video conference .
promoting measures for resource conservation through adoption of wards by institutions or individuals  ; and ,
They are creating thousands of jobs and promoting the Philippines services sector world-wide .
the disorder causes muscle weakness and atrophy throughout the body due to the degeneration of the upper and lower motor neurons .
inform fire & emergency services , police and medical services from safe location by calling 101 , 100 and 108 respectively .
in these conditions—with the pupils dilated and the eyes fixed in one position -- - it usually means that the casualty is near to death .
head scan
being concerned about such offences against children , the government enacted protection of children from sexual offences act , 2012 to protect them from offences of sexual assault , sexual harassment and pornography , while safeguarding the interest of the child at every stage of the judicial process , by incorporating child friendly mechanisms for reporting , recording of evidence , investigation and speedy trial of offences through designated special courts .
rapid physical growth and development
barley
ageing division , ministry of social justice and empowerment
25 % of the cost
In his remarks in the Rajya Sabha , the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Members retiring from the House , would now play an even stronger role in social service .
intestinal worm infections affect child morbidity , not mortality .
step i - go to forms on the home page .
enter recipient ’ s account number , and amount .
accredited social health activist must be a woman resident of the – “ slum/vulnerable clusters  ” and belong to that particular vulnerable group which have been identified by city/district health society for selection of accredited social health activist .
to know the cities covered and the status of light-emitting diode bulb distribution , click here .
If we as BRICS can set the agenda in these areas , the world will call this its Golden Decade .
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , often referred to as `` lou gehrig 's disease , '' is a progressive neurodegenerative disease that affects nerve cells in the brain and the spinal cord .
Prime Minister also announced significant increase in the honorarium given to Anganwadi workers .
name of supplier / details of machinery / price of machinery and / or items to be purchased .
Creation of one post of Director in the basic pay of Rs . 2 ,25 ,000/- ( fixed ) plus NPA ( however , pay + NPA would not exceed Rs . 2 ,37 ,500/- ) for for the above AIIMS .
In the past , most of the country’s skill training needs were met through courses offered by the Industrial Training Institutes ( ITIs ) and under the Modular Employable Scheme ( MES ) , regulated by NCVT .
implementation samples
not more than one artisan per household would be eligible to receive assistance under the scheme .
based on the type of update relevant documentary proof will required to be furnished .
post-natal care for the mother and child reduces the risk of complications and supports mothers and fathers or other caregivers to help their new baby get a healthy start in life .
birds are susceptible to diseases many of which are highly contagious .
if you can not find any tables or desks to hide underneath them , then cover your face and head with your arms and stay inside a corner space in the building .
beyond biological changes , ageing is also associated with other life transitions such as retirement , relocation to more appropriate housing , and the death of friends and partners
urinary tract infections
using credit card in secured internet is safer than using in restaurants because of skimming scams .
india has the highest mountain chain on earth , the himalayas , which are formed due to collision of indian and eurasian plate , the northward movement of the indian plate towards china causes continuous stress on the rocks rendering them friable , weak and prone to landslides and earthquakes .
user can get the contact details of booth level officer , electoral registration officer and other election officer .
* however , the exit would be subject to the overriding condition that the amount of pension wealth to be annuitised should be sufficient to yield a minimum amount of rs . 1 ,000 per month .
the students may not be allowed to take up employment or render help to parents in their work during the course of studies .
proper area specific strategy has to be developed keeping in view the agro-climatic conditions and capability of land .
revised integrated housing scheme for workers is being implemented by the ministry of labour and employment .
The Prime Minister in his address highlighted the global reach of Indian Cinema .
after successful login , user selects the option of send money / payment
Why was such money allowed to come in without accountability ?
The gathering included Ministers from Saudi Arabia and UAE , and CEOs and experts from organisations including Saudi ARAMCO , ADNOC , BP , Rosneft , IHS Markit , Pioneer Natural Resources Company , Emerson Electric Company , Tellurian , Mubadala Investment Company , Schlumberger Ltd . , Wood Mackenzie , World Bank , International Energy Agency ( IEA ) , NIPFP , Brookings India and various Indian companies involved in both upstream and downstream operations .
to view the video demo of the * 99 service , click here .
PM will visit Jaspur in Gujarat , to lay the Foundation Stone of Vishva Umiyadham Complex .
He said that the Union Government is working with an approach of “isolation to integration ” to develop all the hitherto under-developed parts of the country .
the ministry of human resource development has launched swachh vidyalaya programme under swachh bharat mission with an objective to provide separate toilets for boys and girls in all government schools within one year .
date of birth certificate of mother ( schools/board/registrar of birth/death )
it is possible that you knew or had agreed to have such pictures taken .
• And , ultimately , it reflects the way people live , work and transact in a society .
simplified transaction flow
fainting
however if you expected that these pictures are not circulated or shared , then sharing them is a crime .
Also , by having projects of strategic interest to India executed by Indian entities , the CFS enables India to generate substantial backward linkage induced jobs , demand for material and machinery in India and also a lot of goodwill for India .
The Prime Minister said , “Here are moments from my morning exercises .
avoid cooking during peak hours .
you can go to any authorized aadhaar enrollment center anywhere in india with your identity and address proof .
sometimes , coughs are signs of a serious problem .
an efficient low friction mark foot-valve , though slightly costlier , pays back fast the extra cost by saving a lot of diesel .
rainfed area development adopts an area based approach for development and conservation of natural resources along with farming systems .
babies especially should be kept out of smoky kitchens and away from cooking fires .
payment mode
Gurbachan Singh ji had told the bride’s parents that the marriage would be performed in a solemn manner .
Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas ; and Minister of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship .
the cost of manpower is relatively low as compared to other countries .
roles and responsibilities for managing heat wave
They live in a parking shed with their family .
This scheme covers around 30 lakh people from Jammu Kashmir alone .
if the blood pressure is high ( more than 140/90 mmhg  ; or diastolic more than 90 mmhg ) and albumin ( protein ) is present in the urine , then the woman can be categorized as having pre-eclampsia .
after registration you can login to create a profile for pro bono .
fundamental principles that form the core approach of these guidelines are given below  :
however , in cases where the x class examination of such courses is treated as equivalent to matriculation and students after passing tenth class can join other courses , such students will be treated as post-matric students and will be eligible for the award of scholarships .
schools & colleges fee payments
industry internships  : support for internships with co-funding from industry
In four years , they amount to Rupees 6 .5 lakh crore , or 90 billion dollars .
use tap water only if local health officials advise it is safe .
however , any activities which basically offend human sensibilities , can also be included in its ambit .
janani shishu suraksha karyakaram
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of DGPs and IGPs on 7th and 8th January at the BSF Academy at Tekanpur , Madhya Pradesh .
building partnerships with voluntary organisations , co-operatives and academic and research institutions .
The Agreement between India and Uzbekistan provides for cooperation in the following fields :
do not click any images in the web sites if you are unsure
intake of adequate calcium is necessary to maintain healthy bones since your bone contains 99 % of the calcium present in your body .
to deliver passport services to citizens in a timely , transparent , more accessible , reliable manner and in a comfortable environment through streamlined processes and committed , trained and motivated workforce .
He devoted his entire life serving the nation and worked among the masses and dedicated and sacrificed his life for the upliftment of the Poor & Working Class at the same time .
application can be handwritten or typed .
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs , chaired by the Prime Minister , had approved the construction , operation and maintenance of this tunnel between Baltal and Minamarg , on the Srinagar-Leh section of NH-1A , at a total cost of Rs 6800 crore earlier this year .
The Centre was inaugurated at Jangla Development Hub , in the aspirational district of Bijapur in Chhattisgarh .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today met and interacted with the members of his Science , Technology and Innovation Advisory Council ( PM-STIAC ) .
the entire tank should be filled within a maximum 48 hour period ( 24hrs is better ) .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today dedicated to the nation , the Vadodara City Command Control Centre ; the Waghodiya Regional Water Supply Scheme ; and the New Head Office Building of the Bank of Baroda , at a public meeting in Vadodara .
even if a woman was immunized earlier , she needs to check with a trained health worker for advice on tetanus toxoid immunization .
This will benefit about 49 .26 lakh Central Government employees and 61 .17 lakh pensioners .
remain in the shelter until you are informed to leave
The Prime Minister encouraged Lt . Governors of Union Territories to share the best practices being adopted by them in areas such as solar energy , DBT , and making Union Territories kerosene free .
Noting that former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji took a ride on the Delhi Metro in December 2002 , Shri Narendra Modi said that since then , the metro network in the National Capital Region has expanded considerably .
A Working Group will be set up to further elaborate the details of cooperation and to oversee the implementation of this MoU .
diarrhoea caused by rotavirus is common and can be severe .
select immediate payment service as payment option when making payment on merchant ’ s website or mobile app
ACTIVITIES FOR THE REMAINDER OF SOUTH AFRICA’S BRICS CHAIRSHIP 2018
direct assistance  : medical , shelter , protection from abuse , repatriation , death , missing children , intensive counselling
publish counselling calendar
cage layer manure
analyzing all the foods that are consumed in the country is not feasible due to the prohibitive cost involved and thus it is essential to prioritize foods for compositional analysis .
Explaining the steps taken by the government to make India’s start-up ecosystem robust , Prime Minister said that the Government-e– Market Place ( GEM ) has been linked to Start-Up India portal so that start-ups can sell their products to government .
it is very important that the prerna scheme ‘ role models ’ should inspire confidence and not create controversy .
you may choose to purchase an annuity for an amount greater than 40 percent .
Later , the Prime Minister will interact with the District Collectors of Aspirational Districts of Jharkhand , in Ranchi .
With these twin programs , the time when mothers would fetch dry wood from forests or prepare cow dung cakes , to feed their families will be gone soon .
Welcoming delegates to the Summit , the Prime Minister said that the North-East is at the heart of the Union Government’s Act East Policy .
note  : police , investigation of crime and maintenance of law and order are essentially state subjects as per the constitution of india .
health certificate ( if you are physically handicapped )
( d ) interventions ( legal frame-work , technology solutions , resource generation , etc . and
During the visit , PM Babis will call on the President of India in New Delhi on 19 January .
burns and scalds
He said these projects will improve ease of living .
PM Shri Narendra Modi has invited people from all over the world to come and discover the beauty of India .
H .E . Dr . Majid bin Abdullah Al Qasabi , Minister of Commerce & Investment
to provide demand driven , outcome focused training aimed at achieving high placement rates .
it promotes optimal growth and development and protects against illness .
Now that when we are going to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Pokhran test conducted on May 11 , 1998 , I ask the younger generations of our nation to imbibe the mantra of ‘Jai-Vigyan’ given by Atalji for enhancing the might and the power of India , to build a modern India , a powerful India and a self-reliant India .
stay alert for the next 24 hours as a cyclone alert means that the danger is within 24 hours .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will inaugurate the new Headquarters building of the Archaeological Survey of India ( ASI ) , at Tilak Marg in New Delhi on July 12 , 2018 .
PM said that health and safe drinking water are inseperable .
warning signs to watch for  :
These are agriculture , science and technology , and security .
The Union Government has recognized great national leaders including Sardar Patel , Babasahed Ambedkar , and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose , he added .
do not use the seeds over eight months of age .
in case a unit does not have all the above mentioned statutory clearances  ; the unit is not eligible to apply for award/grant of quality mark .
important points for pig housing
by securing good liaison arrangements with the international organisations  ;
washing the hands with soap and water removes germs .
hostellers include students who are not staying in hostel of the school/institute concerned but are staying as paying guest or in rented accommodation in towns/cities which are not the places where their parents reside .
feeding
1 kilowatt-hour = one thousand watt hours .
Several new centers are bringing relevant science and technology to the North-East .
bleeding is the loss of blood from the circulatory system .
for superficial wounds
this includes the arrangements required to promptly implement protective actions and countermeasures in the affected area .
in simple way we can say that cyber crime is unlawful acts wherein the computer is either a tool or a target or both .
student registration ( fresh and renewal )
the scholarships are open to nationals of india only .
general improvement in the health care facilities over the years is one of the main reasons for continuing increase in proportion of population of senior citizens .
5-6 cattle will suffice for 1 .0 ha pond .
the mission will provide financial assistance at the rate of rs . 1 .5 lakh per economically weaker section house being built under these different partnerships by states/cities .
article 21 a-the state shall provide free and compulsory education to all children of the age of 6-14 years in such manner as the state may , by law , determine .
fevers
do not attempt to move the person .
both short and long sleep durations may be associated with a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes .
in rabbit-fish integration , rabbit-house is built alongside the embankments so that the wastes and washings are drained directly into the pond .
India’s own far-reaching journey of transformation gives pride of place to our people .
fossil fuels are the predominantly used energy sources today .
step 3  : wash fingers and knuckles
anubhav platform for retired government employees
PM inaugurated Lower Panazara medium Project under PMKSY It will irrigate about 7585 hectares area of 21 villages of Dhule and surrounding areas , acting as a lifeline to the water deficient region .
decreases anaemia and improves nutrition
They again tried to spread pessimism thinking , nothing can be done .
brooding should be done in separate shed .
for dependents  : till marriage or employment or upto the age of 21 years , whichever is earlier .
rehabilitation and ensuring safety of livestock and other animals , veterinary care
regulate the allotment of land to members of the scheduled tribes in such area  ;
sunflower seed
once the area is re-warmed , there can be significant pain .
In this context , he called for greater information sharing among CPSEs and Government Departments .
a copy of photo proof
some may also make you complete surveys .
Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh , Shri Shivraj Singh Chouhan was also present on the occasion .
He will be accompanied by the Secretary General of the United Nations , Mr . Antonio Guterres .
in nuclear power plants , control rods are used to keep the splitting regulated , so that it does not occur too fast .
access your certificate  :
hence we need to make energy conservation a habit .
In order to achieve this , he added , state-of-the-art mass transit systems are the need of the hour .
encourage all pregnant women to have more nutritious meals , increased quantities of food and more rest than usual
preventing from accessing or using any part of the house , preventing or obstructing one from carrying on employment non-payment of rent in case of a rented accommodation , selling or pawing stridhan or any other valuables without informing and without consent .
there is not rigorous evidence that suggests that worms affect child mortality but there is ample evidence that worms fundamentally affect the quality of children ’ s lives and negatively impact their access to health , education and livelihoods .
rajmah and soyabean
the child welfare committees are responsible for carrying out an exercise to map all services available to children in difficult circumstances and vulnerable children and their families in a district .
character cert . ( gram panchayat )
at this time , the child needs to be given more food than usual , including breast milk , to help replenish the energy and nourishment lost due to the diarrhoea .
This will be the world’s largest government funded health care programme .
ducks loosen the pond bottom with their dabbling and help in release of nutrients from the soil which increase pond productivity .
the mission aims at creating efficient and effective institutional platforms of the rural poor enabling them to increase household income through sustainable livelihood enhancements and improved access to financial services .
bharat interface for money app is currently available on android ( version 4 .1 .1 and above ) and ios ( requires ios 8 .0 or later . )
the offence is cognizable , meaning that a police officer can make an arrest or state an investigation without a warrant in case someone is employing a child or adolescent in a hazardous job in violation of the law .
micro are point of sale devices that work with minimal power , connect to central banking servers through password , thereby reducing the operational costs considerably .
what costs are involved and how they will be covered
The Prime Minister said that today , the youth of the country , from the far-flung areas , is bringing laurels for India .
harvest 1000 litres per household per day over 40 days of rainfall
Addressing the beneficiaries , Prime Minister said that the last 4 years , Government has taken a mission mode approach towards providing housing for all .
PM said , “Previous government neglected Arunachal and we are here to change that ” .
key objectives of phase 1 are to support the goi and the selected states to
look for the expiry date while purchasing medicines
likewise , in case of a multi-hamlet village , all hamlets should be connected with each other by an all-weather road .
in rural areas
assessments on various subject topics to various age groups to check their subject knowledge is made available for the benefit of students .
Now innumerable institutions have come forward to give membership to India .
benefits to citizens
Speaking of the achievements in sanitation , the Prime Minister mentioned that sanitation coverage has expanded from about 40 percent in 2014 , to about 80 percent today .
it is disorder of the brain numerous impulses passing through our brain cells all the time .
watch out for wild animals , especially poisonous snakes that may have come into buildings with the water .
japanese encephalitis virus is spread by mosquitoes , mainly in rural areas of asian countries .
detailed addresses are available on the websites of respective states and website links are given in table .
it also includes information relating to any private body which can be accessed by the public authority under any law for the time being in force .
He said a new economic system is being developed along the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor , and the entire area would become a single economic zone .
occurrence and storage
under the scheme , five crore lpg connections are to be provided to below poverty line households .
if you see sparks or broken or frayed wires , or if you smell burning insulation , turn off the electricity at the main fuse box or circuit breaker .
with this action plan the government hopes to accelerate spreading of the startup movement  :
Following is the text of the Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Maldives
memory loss or trouble with understanding  :
it shall have an appropriate administrative structure and a duly constituted managing/ executive committee  ;
dial * 99 # from your mobile handset .
leveraging programme implementation plans for decision support systems and development .
supplementary nutrition programme is provided for 300 days at the rate of rs 8 per day for children and rs 9 .50 for pregnant and lactating mothers .
the performance will be monitored using key indicators thus making the evaluation process objective .
raised platform will keep the pen dry and animal will suffer less from diseases .
I ensure you that very soon you will have the keys of your home in your hands . ”
older age is also characterized by the emergence of several complex health states that tend to occur only later in life and that do not fall into discrete disease categories .
are you come under below poverty line family- yes/no ,
high blood pressure ( hypertension )
all members of the community should be protected against mosquito bites , particularly young children and pregnant women .
district level committees will be constituted by the state governments to address local concerns of governments .
by calling upon the co - operation of social partners in the supervision of application of legislations and regulations relating to safety , health and environment at work place  ;
The Prime Minister also laid the Foundation Stone for the Astole Water Supply Scheme .
merchants should always purchase point of sale systems from reputed dealers .
ingested by children who play in soil and then put their hands in their mouths without washing them .
calcium is necessary for making the baby ’ s bones and teeth .
the method combines food consumption data with its nutrient composition , and ranking the foods by applying a scoring system to identify the key foods that contribute significantly to the diet in terms of their nutrients .
we all must remember that cyberspace is a common heritage of ours which we have inherited in our life times from the benefits of ever growing technologies .
assess the infrastructure , hygiene and sanitation and capability of the unit to continuously keep on manufacturing milk and milk products which are safe and of good quality etc .
swarnabharath
34 . abujh macias 35 . baigas 36 . bharias 37 . hill korbas 38 . kamars 39 . saharias 40 . birhor
sensitize the community living near the industrial units and they should be more vigilant about the nature of industrial units and associated risks .
food , utensils and preparation surfaces should be kept clean and away from animals .
for paid services e .g . catering , accommodation , retiring rooms etc . being offered by railways through its affiliated entities/corporations to the passengers , it will provide a discount of 5 % for payment of these services through digital means .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed condolences on the passing away of Union Minister Shri Ananth Kumar .
In 2016 , Akshaya Patra commemorated the serving of 2 billion cumulative meals in the presence of the then President of India , Pranab Mukherjee .
He said that IPPB will also facilitate digital transactions , and help deliver the benefits of schemes such as Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana , which provide assistance to farmers .
In Phase-l , the prisoners will be released on 2nd October , 2018 ( Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi ) , in Phase-ll prisoners will be released on 10th April , 2019 ( Anniversary of Champaran Satyagrah ) and in Phase-Ill , prisoners will be released on 2nd October 2019 ( Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi ) :-
goat ’ s milk ,
the unit shall be responsible for initiating the process for renewal of the quality mark ( approval for continuing usage ) well in advance ( at least 6 months before the expiry ) time so that the all the required steps for assessment are completed and renewal is received before validity expires .
`` national executive committee '' means the executive committee of the national authority constituted under sub-section ( 1 ) of section 8  ;
PM laid the foundation stone of a six-lane bridge over mighty river Brahmaputra .
He underlined the importance of a clean and vibrant River Ganga .
tribal habitations in the states of kerala , tamil nadu , karnataka , west bengal , uttar pradesh and jammu & kashmir have not been brought under the fifth or sixth schedule .
The Prime Minister said that space technology has a key role to play in good governance .
furniture , bedding and equipment including kitchen equipments
reduce annual lighting emissions by 617 kg
hubs of career related services
code of the bank ,
treatment for a coma depends on the cause .
user receives payee from the issuer bank on his/her registered mobile number
The Prime Minister said that today , the farmer buys in retail , but sells in wholesale .
india is one of the fastest developing economies , but when it comes to solid and liquid waste management indicators , it continues to lag behind .
assess the risks and determine what is manageable
about ministry of rural development
when we save one unit of energy , it is equivalent to 2 units of energy produced
In less than four years , we have issued 794 more export permissions , for a total value of over 1 .3 billion dollars .
according to world health organisation , around 1 .1 billion people globally do not have access to improved water supply sources whereas 2 .4 billion people do not have access to any type of improved sanitation facility .
members are advised to promote the multilingual service amongst its users so that mobile banking can eventually reach to the last mile customers
duration and course of studies
Tagore Award for Cultural Harmony was instituted by the Government from 2012 during the commemoration of the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore .
colibacillosis ( piglet diarrhoea )  :
source  : ministry of social justice and empowerment
be calm and give psychological support to the patient .
rapid diagnostic test are recommended by microscopy for treatment of plasmodium falciparum malaria .
reduce prevalence of leprosy to 1/10000 population and incidence to zero in all districts
health and family welfare ministry to implement rashtriya swasthya bima yojana scheme from april 1 , 2015
chlorine tablets or powdered water
if you are in an area at risk from tsunamis
myvisit is an initiative by the government of india to enable the citizens to have a smooth and simple process of making an appointment to meet a government officer , hassle free .
India and Sweden will jointly organize the India-Nordic Summit in Stockholm on 17th April with the Prime Ministers of Finland , Norway , Denmark and Iceland .
if nausea occurs , discontinue .
participants/ vendors shall ensure that illegal or smuggled goods are not displayed or transacted by them nor any illegal services are conducted by them through the portal .
projects under this scheme will be completed within a period of 24 months from the date of issue of letter of awards by the utility .
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs , chaired by the Prime Minister , had approved the construction , operation and maintenance of this tunnel between Baltal and Minamarg , on the Srinagar-Leh section of NH-1A , at a total cost of Rs 6800 crore earlier this year .
operator will log in on portal and click on “ aadhaar seeding  ” link under services page .
“Congratulations to our hockey team on winning the Women’s Asia Cup 2017 .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the revised air services agreement to be signed between India and Morocco .
Minister of Drinking Water and Sanitation .
A Monitoring Arrangement has been introduced for keeping periodical status report of the project .
identification , translation and dissemination of proverbs having similar meaning in the languages of the two states .
breeder seed
Illustrious sons of Mother India , such as BirsaMunda have come into being in each & every part of the country .
the aadhar will ensure that its know your resident standards do not become a barrier for enrolling the poor and has accordingly developed an introducer system for residents who lack documentation .
Implementation strategy
article 45- the state shall endeavour to provide early childhood care and education for all children until they complete the age of six years .
persons with higher qualifications like degree in any discipline or higher are strictly not eligible
Indian Defence University is being setup at Binola and Bilaspur , in district Gurugram , Haryana .
a seed lot will be eligible for extension of the validity period as long as it conforms to the prescribed standards .
large white yorkshire , landrace , hampshire , ghungroo , or superior upgraded animals are well adopted to the north eastern region and grow well in this climatic condition .
The Prime Minister said that the implementation of GST is the biggest tax reform since independence .
as soon as diarrhoea starts , it is essential to give the child extra fluids along with regular foods and fluids .
ministry of health and family welfare
To interact with beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana – Ayushman Bharat
animal milk and infant formula go bad if left at room temperature ( around 20–25 degrees celsius ) for more than two hours .
amount will be payable from the date of joining to the date of leaving the school , excluding the period of vacation , which will be about 10 months in a year except in the cases where the students enters late or leaves early in the midst of academic year .
The Prime Minister will be given an overview of the progress of work on this project .
prior to october 1997
heat stroke is a severe medical emergency
if you act without thinking clearly , you might provide all of the information they ask for
the baby should breastfeed at least eight times daily , day and night , and on demand .
Most of these are inspiring to me .
rapeseed/mustard
they need to be kept warm , but not overheated , and to be given plenty to eat and drink .
the payment of premium will be directly auto-debited by the bank from the subscribers account .
“I congratulate Justice Dalveer Bhandari on being re-elected to the International Court of Justice .
the water should not be added after it has cooled down .
carve a whale on your hand with a razor , send a photo to curator .
each member has also been given the responsibility of specified states for close interaction and coordination .
conceptually the organization is based on a 'disaster divisions-cum-secretariat ' system .
to ensure focused attention , the selected states are to select villages from same , or 2-3 contiguous districts and give preference to the more backward districts .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Agreement between the Indian National Science Academy ( INSA ) and the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus ( NASB ) on Scientific and Technological Cooperation for mutual benefit in the areas of science , technology , agriculture , etc .
be careful where you click -
undertake sector specific skill training initiatives
swachh app
People in India have waited too long for access to modern amenities and means of development .
most coughs , colds , fevers , sore throats and runny noses end without requiring medication .
In each moment you could feel the “Atal ” in him , the Prime Minister said .
training equipment and workshops ,
introduce transparency with regard to management of funds  ;
for more information please visit on state website regularly .
components of the scheme
skin helps to bring out the body 's dirt through sweat .
kishor  : covering loans above 50 ,000/- and upto 5 lakh
take clean and safe food
the tablet should be broken and crushed between 2 spoons , then safe water added to help administer the drug .
launch of apprenticeship protsahan yojna
eliciting information on related needs
arhar ( tur )
neem seed kernels ( well dried ) – 5 kg
vaginal bleeding
Prime Minister shared the resolve expressed by Secretary Tillerson on taking further steps in the direction of accelerating and strengthening the content , pace and scope of the bilateral engagement .
The Prime Minister awarded certificates to the best performing districts under the Beti Bachao Beti Padhao programme .
Our endeavour is to ensure that each & every person in the country is empowered .
anaemia ( symptoms include paleness of the tongue and inside the eyelids , fatigue and shortness of breath )
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed over 360 Officer Trainees of the 92nd Foundation Course at LBSNAA , Mussoorie , on the 2nd day of his visit .
decadal growth in non- farm work force participation
At Netaji Stadium , the Prime Minister will release a commemorative postal stamp , coin and first day cover to mark the 75th Anniversary of the hoisting of Tricolour on Indian soil by Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose .
Mr . Sanjiv Ranjan , Ambassador of India to Argentina
if possible , the pregnant woman should take plenty of milk , eggs , fish , poultry and meat .
when actual maximum temperature remains 45oc or more irrespective of normal maximum temperature , heat waves should be declared .
parents ' or other caregivers ' and children 's hands should then be washed with soap and water or a substitute , such as ash and water .
safety , health and environment at work place
user can transfer funds by using mobile money identifier and mobile number of the beneficiary .
agricultural financial institutions
the person who is in-charge of such mentally person or his dependents will receive such payments after the magistrate has certified the same .
recommended daily calcium intake
· BRICS Business Forum – 25 July ( Sandton )
spitting cobras can actually eject their venom quite accurately into the eyes of their victims , resulting in direct eye pain and damage .
coughs and colds spread easily .
He added , We are proud of Kochi refinery’s contribution towards nation building but now we have greater expectations . ”
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today launched the Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana , or Saubhagya , at New Delhi .
community funds as resources in perpetuity
industrial wastewater is generated by manufacturing processes and is difficult to treat .
this can be done at a later stage in the case as well - you will then have to pay costs up to 20 % of the cheque amount to the legal service authorities .
transport allowance  : rs .160/- per month for disabled students , if such students do not reside in the hostel , which is within the premises of educational institution .
a holistic definition of sanitation includes safe drinking water , liquid and solid waste management , environmental cleanliness and personal hygiene .
tweens and teens ( i .e . 12-19 years ) the most vulnerable group of social media , are most prone to blue whale challenge .
Under Pradhan MantriSurakshaBima Yojana , people can claim accidental insurance coverage of upto Rs . 2 lakh by paying premium of just Rs . 12 per year .
I am delighted to be here in Kanyakumari .
A delegation of OBC Parliamentarians and leaders from BJP called on Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi at New Delhi , today .
The Prime Minister also mentioned the progress made by various schemes of the Union Government in the State of Rajasthan , including Swachh Bharat Mission , Jan Dhan Yojana , Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana , Mudra Yojana , Ujjwala Yojana , and Saubhagya Yojana .
elements pertaining to school safety should be included in the whole school development approach .
annual estimated greenhouse gas emission reductions - 79 million tonnes
encouraging children to play and explore helps them learn and develop socially , emotionally , physically and intellectually .
This will help people from poorer strata of the society to have access to a quality public transport system .
the government has also come out with an online complaint system .
course registration
about 2 million people die every year due to diarrhoeal diseases , most of them are children less than 5 years of age .
a doctor is to be consulted when the temperature is above 39 .5oc or 1030 f
More than 670 exhibitors including over 150 international exhibitors will take part in the DefExpo .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed two important events , via video-conference , on the occasion of National Youth Day .
the child is unable to breastfeed or drink
different pig breeds are presently available in the region viz , non-descript , hampshire and their cross breeds .
raw food should be washed or cooked .
He ensured the merger of all princely states with the Dominion of India .
the severity of infectious bronchitis infection is influenced by the age and immune status of the flock , by environmental conditions , and by the presence of other diseases .
unusual swelling of legs , arms or face
cancellous bone  :
aadhaar will thus give migrants mobility of identity .
it is a gold savings account which will earn interest for the gold that you deposit in it .
heat wave need not be considered till maximum temperature of a station reaches atleast 40oc for plains and atleast 30oc for hilly regions
the programme aims to reach out to all pregnant women who are in the 2nd & 3rd trimesters of pregnancy .
operation smile is an initiative of the ministry of home affairs to rescue/rehabilitate missing children .
any burn larger than a postage stamp ( 2 * 21/2 cm ) must be seen by a doctor , who should be summoned after you have applied cooling treatment
While inaugurating these projects PM said , “We’ve left behind culture of delays ” .
sanitation measures
maintenance allowance ,
Shri Narendra Modi , today , laid the foundation stone of Shikshan Bhavan and Vidhyarthi Bhavan at Annapurna Dham Trust in Adalaj , Gujarat .
use of aadhaar reduces the costs of identifying persons and provides increased transparency to the government in implementation of its schemes .
mode of selection
tamil nadu and andhra pradesh
maternal antibodies will be present in chicks up to 2-3 weeks .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved setting up of a new All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS ) in Deoghar , Jharkhand .
More than 5 crore women have been mobilized into 45 lakh Self Help Groups ( SHGs ) by May 2018 .
every child should complete the recommended series of immunizations .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 101 kg
Today , over 6 ,000 Indians serve in five peacekeeping operations in Africa .
motorized traditional ratt
The Prime Minister will arrive at Pakyong Airport , where he will be briefed about the airport and terminal building .
process
this clearly reveals that ageing has become a major social challenge and there is a need to provide for the economic and health needs of the elderly and to create a social milieu , which is conducive and sensitive to emotional needs of the elderly .
to access the fifth schedule of the constitution , click here .
The two leaders will attend a public function to mark the commencement of work of India’s first high-speed rail project between Ahmedabad and Mumbai , on 14th of September .
The bus accident in Maharashtra’s Palghar is unfortunate .
gujarat – 671
course fee/tuition fee and maintenance allowance will be credited directly to the students ’ bank account
the ransomware called wannacrypt or wannacry encrypts the computer 's hard disk drive and then spreads laterally between computers on the same systems .
there are responsible business houses operating with credibility and professionalism .
provided also that an entity shall cease to be a start-up if its turnover for the previous financial years has exceeded inr 25 crore or it has completed 7 years from the date of incorporation/registration .
turn off lights and fans when not in use
Accordingly , the Government initiated the process for amendment to Payment of Gratuity Act , 1972 .
Besides this , he added , Union Ministers also regularly visit the region .
strategies
people with this form of diabetes need injections of insulin every day in order to control the levels of glucose in their blood .
Following is the text of the Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Davos .
Jan Dhan – financial inclusion and banking for all .
in the following example phishing , appears as though the phishing will take you to the attacker database of the yourbank website  ; actually this phishing points to the `` yourbank '' ( i .e . phishing ) section of the attacker database website
the main objectives of the watershed development component are to restore the ecological balance by harnessing , conserving and developing degraded natural resources such as soil , vegetative cover and water .
a detailed history of all the beneficiaries needs to be taken and then examined and assessed for any danger signs , complications or any high risk status .
The BUR contains five major components — National Circumstances ; National Greenhouse Gas Inventory ; Mitigation Actions ; Finance , Technology and Capacity Building Needs and Support Received and Domestic Monitoring , Reporting and Verification ( MRV ) arrangements .
H .E . Dr . Majid bin Abdullah Al-Qasabi , Minister of Commerce & Investment
align employer/industry demand and workforce productivity with trainees ’ aspirations for sustainable livelihoods , by creating a framework for outcome focused training .
easily verifiable in an online , cost-effective way
other agriculture programmes and cooperation
The BharatNet project envisages connecting Gram Panchayats with underground optical fibre network .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has accorded its approval for continuation and restructuring of National Rural Drinking Water Programme ( NRDWP ) to make it outcome-based , competitive and better monitored with increased focus on sustainability ( functionality ) of schemes to ensure good quality service delivery to the rural population .
no other food or drink , not even water , is usually needed during this period .
“India remembers Dr . Zakir Hussain on his birth anniversary .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Cooperation between India and France in the field of environment .
death occurs during the first seven days of illness .
article 15- the state shall not discriminate against any citizen . .
pensioners are required to fill up the registration form online and send a self-certified copy of pension payment order to dy . secy ( pp ) , pension . and pensioners welfare , 3rd floor , loknayak bhawan , khan market , new delhi-110003 .
bonded labour contracts are not purely economic  ; in india , they are reinforced by custom or coercion in many sectors .
implementation
advantages of institutional deliveries and risks involved in home deliveries .
He always showed the path of truth , work , service , kindness and amity to the society .
however vital events like date of birth and sterilization etc . have to be checked / certified through government sources only .
however such women/ girls should first seek assistance under scheme in areas where it is in operation .
graduate/ post graduate courses leading to degree , diploma , certificate in areas like pharmacy ( pharma ) , nursing ( nursing ) , other para-medical branches like rehabilitation , diagnostics etc . ,
colostrum is sometimes referred to as a newborn 's 'first vaccine ' , helping to build the child 's immunity to disease .
most of the public sector and private banks provides online complaint filing facility
there has been an increasing trend of urban flood disasters in india over the past several years whereby major cities in india have been severely affected .
“I bow to Bhagwan Birsa Munda on his Jayanti .
because cognitive abilities are relatively intact , people are aware of their progressive loss of function and may become anxious and depressed .
extra precautions should be taken when students are being taken close to water bodies , narrow mountainous tracks etc .
fatigue , weakness , dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , muscle cramps and sweating .
with this in view , the ministry of home affairs , government of india conceptualized a comprehensive national cyclone risk mitigation strategy through several consultations , ending with a national workshop , in 2003 , `` developing strategy for cyclone mitigation in the coastal and island regions of india '' .
applicants studying abroad .
to prevent diarrhoea , all faeces , including those of infants and young children , should be disposed of in a latrine or toilet or buried .
remove malware from your computer or browser
According to amendment , as in sub-section 7 of section 8A of the Enemy Property Act , 1968 , Central Government may direct that disposal of enemy property shall be made by any other authority or Ministry or Department instead of Custodian .
the activity will be very useful to link various states and districts in annual programmes that will connect people through exchanges in areas of culture , tourism , language , education trade etc . and citizens will be able to experience the cultural diversity of a much larger number of states while realising that india is one .
in case of minor account , the same should be converted into major account .
this portal is a platform for citizens to file crime related complaints online and seek antecedent verification of prospective employees ( including for domestic help , drivers etc . ) , tenants or for any other purpose .
cannibalism is a problem that is particularly associated with large poultry flocks where birds kept in close confinement peck at each other .
the pain occurs sporadically ( infrequently and without a pattern ) but can occur frequently and even daily in some people .
taking water out of the container with a clean ladle or cup
make sure that your child has access to age appropriate online sites which do not promote unethical behavior or violence .
when the motor neurons die , the ability of the brain to initiate and control muscle movement is lost .
applications for scholarships from such students can be considered even after lapse of last dare of receipt of applications , on compassionate grounds .
this legislation is a potent weapon to fight against the evil of domestic violence against women in all its forms , which is widely prevalent but still largely remains invisible in the public domain .
all water that people drink and use should come from a safe source or be purified .
Giving momentum to Skill Development Missions , the country is setting up new centers in small towns .
a strong password should have combinations of alphabets , numbers and characters such as c . ! @ * ^ & ) ( ~ @ .
blood tests
The primary role of NSDA has been to anchor and operationalize the National Skills Qualification Framework ( NSQF ) to ensure that quality and standards meet sector specific requirements .
cover and seal any septic tanks .
I also practice breathing exercises . #HumFitTohIndiaFit .
the efficiency of fuel usage is increased by  :
this could amount to a crime under the provision on voyeurism .
it will furnish monthly progress reports on the implementation of the scheme indicating both financial and physical progress to ministry of power and central electricity authority .
if a person is class 10 or more pass , he should give a copy of the mark sheet of class 10 or 12 , if it contains date of birth as a proof of date of birth .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to HH Pramukh Swami Maharaj on his Jayanti .
India is also home to the largest healthcare programme in the world- Ayushman Bharat .
President Ram Nath Kovind presented the Gandhi Peace Prize for the years 2015 , 2016 , 2017 & 2018 , at a function in Rashtrapati Bhawan today .
feed allowance may be calculated as 2 .5 - 3 kg/100 kg body weight plus at the rate of 0 .2 kg feed per piglet with the sow .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for revision of pay scales for about 8 lakh teachers and other equivalent academic staff in higher educational institutions under the purview of the University Grants Commission ( UGC ) and in Centrally Funded Technical Institutions , following implementation of the recommendations of the 7th Central Pay Commission for Central Government employees .
support of print and electronic media were also used to share the information of missing children .
eligibility criteria for the non-governmental voluntary organisations
the expenditure of the selected candidates will be paid/borne by the concerned state government admn . out of their central allocation of funds .
The Commission , headed by Justice ( Retd . )
a child - friendly nation that guarantees the rights and protection of all children .
it helps increase your calcium absorption from the gastrointestinal system and kidney and thereby makes it available to your body tissues and blood .
care should be taken to simulate the conditions including the odour and body size of piglings when admitted to a foster mother or another suckling sow .
after ensuring the criteria is fulfilled , the central ministry selects those groups as particularly vulnerable tribal groups .
India-Republic of Korea Collaboration
a scholarship awarded may be cancelled if the scholar changes the subject of the course of study for which the scholarship was originally awarded or changes the institution of study , without prior approval of the state government .
faeces should then be buried under a layer of soil .
He added that to achieve this , India needed reforms to transform .
main provisions of the act
to conserve natural resources through appropriate soil and moisture conservation measures  ;
choose hospital / department
the election commission of india in its endeavour to put in efforts in providing all possible support services to electors with the help of information technology tools has created the national voter service portal .
diet and rest
people with type 1 diabetes produce very little or no insulin .
the health risks of pregnancy and childbirth increase if a woman has had many pregnancies .
He said ,“I dedicate today this institute not merely a laboratory but a temple to the nation ” .
it should have facilities , resources , personnel and experience to undertake the management of such a project ,
grant compensation/damages for the injuries .
accessibility and barrier free environment at work place
however , the following category of students are not eligible for award of scholarships under the scheme  : -
handling on-site emergencies
Recently , I was told by some of our party workers that a few young doctors in the town set up camps offering free treatment for the underprivileged .
He said , we are working on the mantra of Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas .
anti-diarrhea medication
hospitalization expenses , taking care of most common illnesses with as little exclusion as possible
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will receive the United Nations’ highest environmental honour , the ‘UNEP Champions of the Earth’ award at a special ceremony in Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra , New Delhi on October 3 .
unlike a virus , it does not need to attach itself to an existing program .
how would i know that bank funds have come to my account  ?
“My thoughts are with all those who have lost their loved ones in the tragic earthquake that has affected parts of Iran and Iraq .
cyclones are characterized by their devastating potential to damage structures , viz . houses  ; lifeline infrastructure-power and communication towers  ; hospitals  ; food storage facilities  ; roads , bridges and culverts  ; cropss etc .
security deposit for pressure regulator ( for all states except north eastern states )
decreased or absent foetal movements
meaning only breastmilk and no other liquids or solids , not even water
I will be focusing on enhancing India-UK partnership in the areas healthcare , innovation , digitization , electric mobility , clean energy , and cyber security .
during every election , the commission appoints observers who are senior civil service officers from outside the state .
Best wishes for your future endeavours ” , the Prime Minister said .
I look forward to a befitting culmination of the commemorative year and receiving you at the India-ASEAN Special Commemorative Summit on 25 January 2018 in New Delhi .
a higher proportion of patients ( 30–50 % ) also have more subtle cognitive changes which may go unnoticed , but are revealed by detailed neuropsychological testing .
During the same event , the Prime Minister also inaugurated the 555-bed Super Speciality Block in Safdarjung Hospital .
providing treatment with antipyretics ( medication that prevents or reduces fever ) , such as paracetemol or ibuprofen , but not aspirin .
This is revered as a festival of Shakti Sadhana .
includes relationship of consanguinity , marriage , relationship in the nature of marriage .
do not drink alcohol .
preamble
He said the Eastern Peripheral Expressway would help decongest traffic in Delhi .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Shri Mohammad Asrarul Haque .
please visit state employment exchange website for online registration .
a team comprising up to 3 ( three ) members shall undertake onsite inspection of the unit , primary production site , supply chain , retail points etc . for assessment as mentioned above .
to incentivize the states that increase their investment in agriculture and allied sectors
the health worker will know which antimalarial tablets are best to take .
children under 5 years old are most susceptible to malaria because they have very little acquired immunity to resist it .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives and devastation due to tsunami and earthquake in Central Sulawesi in Indonesia .
stress the need for increased requirements of iron during pregnancy and the dangers of anemia to pregnant women .
It would also contribute towards strengthening the information sharing framework between the two .
this means that if the carpet area exceeds the respective limits , then the beneficiaries would not be eligible to avail of the benefit under this component .
exposure to smoke can harm a child , even before birth .
use less salt  :
clean your teeth preferably with treated water .
reducing the use of chemical fertilizer and other harmful agrochemicals and pesticides to provide pollution free , healthy produce and environment to the society at large .
application for transposition of entry in electoral rolls
These three-year degree programs have interdisciplinary curricula , benchmarked with leading institutions in the world , consisting of foundation , core and elective courses .
Quoting Kalidasa , the Prime Minister touched upon the dilemma between convention and innovation .
your presence might hamper rescue and other emergency operations and put you at further risk from the residual effects of floods , such as contaminated water , crumbled roads , landslides , mudflows , and other hazards .
Minister of Health and Family Welfare .
The Union Cabinet also approved the introduction of new Central Sector Scheme of “North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme ” ( NESIDS ) from 2017-18 with 100% funding from the Central Government to fill up the gaps in creation of infrastructure in specified sectors till March , 2020 .
Members of the Women Self Help Groups will also share their experiences with Prime Minister .
most people who develop dependence on substances do so during their adolescence .
important documents ( ration card , voter id card , aadhar card etc . )
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Transfer of Sashastra Seema Bal ( SSB )’s land measuring 5 .99 acres at Tawang to the State Government of Arunachal Pradesh for construction of a Mega-Festival-Cum-Multipurpose Ground .
to provide pucca house to all who are houseless and living in dilapidated houses in rural areas by 2022 .
The serving of 3 billionth food for the underprivileged children from schools by Prime Minister narendra Modi is yet another step to reach out to the poor and marginalized sections of the society .
maternal mortality with maternal health of 167 per 1 ,00 ,000 live births still remains high even with improved access to maternal health care services .
The Prime Minister said he gets new energy when he spends time among the jawans and soldiers of the Armed Forces .
the amount of award is given in the form of national saving certificate .
others help us see , hear and smell .
On 29 May , I will be in Jakarta on the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo .
it is expected that extreme heat waves will become more common worldwide because of rising average global temperature .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi today interacted with tableaux artists , tribal guests , NCC Cadets , and NSS Volunteers who are in Delhi in connection with the Republic Day celebrations .
Addressing a programme to mark National Youth Day and Sarva Dharma Sabha at Belagavi , Karnataka , the Prime Minister said that Swami Vivekananda emphasised on brotherhood .
telephone lines are frequently overwhelmed in disaster situations .
the award once made will continue subject to good conduct and regularity in attendance .
after entering valid mobile pin or short name , menu will appear with different options of available services enabled for your bank .
Major Impact including employment generation potential :
national rurban mission
varishta pension bima yojana
We also have to run for unity in order to promote the mantra of unity .
the relevant factor is not your intention to pay when you wrote the cheque , but whether your promise can be honoured on the day your landlord presents the cheque at his bank .
computerisation of land records & strengthening of revenue administration and updating of land records .
apart from that the operator/ supervisor/ introducer/ enrolment agency and registrar information in each packet is also validated .
it refers to the diseases specified for the certification of seeds and for which certification standards are to be met with .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has paid homage to soldiers on Kargil Vijay Diwas .
screen the newborn for danger signs
He expressed happiness that this hospital will also serve the people under the Ayushman Bharat Scheme .
He added that for the Union Government , decisions are about national interest and not political gains .
the problem of safe disposal of radioactive waste exists
a convulsion ( violent , involuntary contraction or muscle spasm ) can be caused by epilepsy or sudden illness .
The Prime Minister said Seva Bhav is a part of our culture .
lay down policies on disaster management  ;
establish and enforce cross-sectoral , nationally and internationally acceptable standards for skill training in the country by creating a sound quality assurance framework for skilling , applicable to all ministries , states and private training providers .
national optical fibre network is an ambitious initiative to trigger a broadband revolution in rural areas .
is it legal to make children work in the family business  ?
Mr . Gattaz briefed the Prime Minister about growing trade and investment relations between India and France .
this causes the white matter of brainto break down ( deteriorate ) .
On the employment front , PM said maximum job growth has been in the transport sector .
wards admitted in 2nd year of technical/professional bachelor degree course through lateral entry after completion of diploma courses are eligible for prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme .
post-placement support , migration support and alumni network
by cheque or demand draft drawn in favour of the postmaster of the concerned post office or the manager of the concerned bank where the account stands and an endorsement on the back of such instrument shall be made and signed by the depositor indicating name of the account holder and account number in which the deposit is to be credited .
designated disease
use a stick to poke through debris .
thermometer
for any objection on inclusion of names form- 7
research and manpower development
this includes contract/gharkhata workers also .
the term is relatively new and is actually a misnomer , since it is not inherently possible to steal an identity , only to use it .
in most societies , including ours , views persist that children are their parents ’ property , or are adults in the making , or are not yet ready to contribute to society .
update your antivirus , anti spyware products regularly and scan your computer at least twice a week after updating the products
I am told that the North-East will have its first completed Smart Command and Control Centre as early as October 2019 .
option iii - download form 6 from the website and deliver it personally .
affected chicks may first show a dull expression of the eyes , followed by progressive incoordination , sitting on hocks , tremors of the head and neck , and finally paralysis or prostration .
use tap water only if local health officials advise it is safe .
the pradhan mantri rojgar protsahan yojana is a scheme to incentivise employers registered with the employees provident fund organisation for job creation by the government paying the 8 .33 % contribution of employers to the employee pension scheme in respect of new employees having a new universal account number .
pregnancy before the age of 18 or after the age of 35 increases the health risks for the mother and her baby .
she should be a literate woman with formal education of at least tenth class .
it is a 24x7 emergency service .
store weed killers , pesticides , and flammable products securely in closed cabinets with latches and on bottom shelves .
districts identified
is it legal to let children act in movies or play sports as a profession  ?
the students shall have minimum of 55 % marks or equivalent grade in class vii examination for appearing in selection test for award of scholarship ( relaxable by 5 % for students ) .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved an Agreement between India and France on the Prevention of the Illicit Consumption and Reduction of Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs , Psychotropic Substances and Chemical Precursors , and related offences .
Ms . Pamela Charlette , Minister for Habitat Infrastructure and Land Transport
For the first time in India , collateral-free loans have been dis-bursed to more than 90 million small entrepreneurs under the Mudra scheme .
a grace period of one year only for cases , where there is a delay on part of candidate for submission of application for renewal of scholarship may be entertained
broad based central & state advisory boards on disability are to be set up to serve as apex policy making bodies at the central and state level .
duck plague ( duck virus enteritis )  : vaccine at 8 weeks
Government has already increased the MSP of kharif crops by following the principle of 1 .5 times the cost of production .
portability is the option to a dissatisfied customer to shift to a distributor of his/her choice- within a cluster of distributors of indian oil .
such platforms will then decide to take down the picture based on their policies .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the opening of 18 new Indian Missions in Africa over a four year period from 2018-2021 .
Pro-farmer initiatives of the Government :
conducting audit of 50 % of government buildings and converting them into fully accessible buildings in 10 most important cities / towns of all the states ( july 2019 ) .
current sources of hydrogen production in india
The creation of Mega Food Parks is a key component of this scheme .
children may become frustrated if they are unable to do something or have something they want .
the orientation of the buildings shall be in such a way that proper air circulation and lighting is available with open space all round the building as far as possible .
implementation model
The Prime Minister has also approved Rs . 50 ,000 each for those injured due to the accident .
the baby suckles for both nutrition and comfort .
Both knowledge and skills are equally important , the Prime Minister added .
through the national institute of disaster management , the act envisages promotion of safety awareness among stakeholders including teachers and students .
These Ashram School students began training in August , 2017 , covering Wardha , Hyderabad , Darjeeling and Leh-Ladakh .
He has also dedicated state of the art Rasilaben Sevantilal Venus Hospital , Surat to the nation .
availability of high speed internet as a core utility for delivery of services to citizens .
In all spheres , investment , steel sector , start ups , milk and agriculture , aviation , India’s progress is outstanding .
He also said that about 10 ,000 crore rupees worth of projects for the development of Gorakhpur and Eastern Uttar Pradesh have been either inaugurated , or the foundation stone laid for them , today .
Meeting the demand of the copyright industries , these treaties will help India :
domestic help , especially girl domestics
keep the operating system third party applications ( office , browsers , browser plugins ) up-to-date with the latest patches .
paralysis or loss of muscle movement  :
payment of scholarship
all pre- existing diseases to be covered
“On Haifa Day I salute the brave Indian soldiers who laid down their lives to liberate Haifa in 1918 .
never click web links in your e-mail and no bank will ask you to update the accounts through online
Prime Minister said that India would celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi , beginning from 2nd of October .
Vibrant Gujarat Global Trade Show to be inaugurated in Gandhinagar
The Prime Minister said that the first phase of the Gram Swaraj Abhiyan , which ran from April 14th to May 5th 2018 , had achieved great success in the implementation of seven key schemes of the Union Government in over 16 ,000 villages .
making ‘ friends ’ important things to remember  :
This would show that the future would see an integrated world .
He said the Union Government wants more and more people , and especially the youth , to learn about his vision and ideas .
renal dialysis
one way children learn is by copying what others do .
Our government has encouraged private participationacross the entire oil and gas value chainfrom up-stream production to down-stream retail .
He said that while the Government can only play the role of an enabler , it is the youth , who are not only making use of available opportunities , but also creating new ones themselves .
After five years , in 2022 it will be seventy five years of India’s Independence .
economic abuse '' such as not providing money for maintaining woman or her children not providing food , clothes , medicine . etc , forcing woman out of the house .
Cabinet approved the Framework on Currency Swap Arrangement for SAARC Member Countries on March 1 , 2012 with the intention to provide a line of funding for short term foreign exchange requirements or to meet balance of payments crises till longer term arrangements are made or the issue is resolved in the short-term itself .
a specific “ swachh vidyalaya  ” campaign has been rolled out which will ensure that a functional toilet is available in every school before 15th august 2015 .
On 31st December , the Prime Minister will deliver the inaugural address , via video conference , for the 85th Sivagiri Pilgrimage Celebrations , at Sivagiri Mutt , Varkala , Kerala .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the establishment of Circuit Bench of Calcutta High Court at Jalpaiguri .
keep a hurricane lantern filled with kerosene , battery operated torches and enough dry cells
The MoU will help in strengthening the integrated public transport for all .
if a user only needs to read specific files , they should not have write access to those files , directories , or shares .
The Prime Minister quoted extensively from leaders including Dr . B .R Ambedkar , Dr . Sachidanand Sinha , Dr . Rajendra Prasad , and Dr . Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan , during his address .
ageing explained
prevention - chicks can be vaccinated at the hatchery .
boys and girls have the same physical , mental , emotional and social needs .
PM handed over the keys to selected beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana ( PMAY ) .
adoption of participatory guarantee system certification through cluster approach
At the IIT Bhubaneswar campus , the Prime Minister released a commemorative stamp and coin on the Paika Rebellion .
time bound service delivery in line with department ’ s citizens charter
We will also encourage joint development and manufacturing in defence sector under the Make in India programme .
diabetes is the number one cause of kidney failure in the world .
a breastfed child who has a cough or cold may have difficulty breastfeeding .
if your house is securely built on high ground take shelter in the safe part of the house .
if you suspect sewage lines are damaged under the quake , avoid using the toilets and call a plumber .
early action can minimize brain damage and potential complications .
make children explicitly aware of the rule for the acceptable use of the internet and display rules in this regard prominently .
maternal mortality is defined as the death of a woman during pregnancy , childbirth or within 6 weeks after birth .
in addition to all the provisions applicable in a plant emergency , the following additional provisions are ensured  :
Stressing that the nation is now moving towards Gas Based Economy , Prime Minister said the Union Government is paying attention towards all dimensions of Gas Based Economy .
what if oral rehydration salts is not available  ?
PM laid Foundation Stone of Piped Water Scheme for the rural areas of Bundelkhand Region .
The Prime Minister announced the doubling of routine incentives given by the Union Government to ASHA workers .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Italy for cooperation in Agriculture and Phytosanitary issues .
facial pain and a variety of other causes for headache are included in this category
following documents in the respective category are mandatorily required to be submitted/uploaded by the applicant for applying under prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme
families can help prevent pneumonia by making sure babies are exclusively breastfed for the first six months and that all children are well nourished and fully immunized .
give the child simple tasks , such as putting toys back in their place , to build responsibility
demo on usage of * 99 # service
the vaccination card of a child ( or an adult ) should be presented to the health worker before every immunization .
in addition , relevant product variants would ensure that banks can target the hitherto untapped consumer segments .
key focus areas of the sub-mission include  :
PM Laid the foundation stone of 3 Model Degree Colleges in J&K , at Kishtwar , Kupwara and Baramulla .
Government has given ‘in principle’ approval in June 2018 for establishing additional 6 .5 MMT SPR facilities at Chandikhol in Odisha and Padur in Karnataka , which is expected to augment India’s energy security by 11 .5 days according the consumption data for FY 2017-18 .
annual lighting emission reduction of 11 - 28 kg is equivalent to 1-2 additional trees
mothers need to be reassured that they can feed their babies under 6 months of age properly with breast milk alone , and they need to be shown how to do it .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for accession of India to ( i ) The Nice Agreement concerning the International classification of Goods and Services for the purposes of registration of marks , ( ii ) The Vienna Agreement establishing an International Classification of the figurative elements of marks , and ( iii ) The Locarno Agreement establishing an International classification for industrial designs .
choose the file from your local machine to be uploaded to digital locker .
details of professional degree courses applicable for all india council for technical education are mentioned in the detailed guidelines
the portal was launched on 25th january 2015 on the occasion of national voters ’ day .
It does not take much time for a new idea to become old .
research schools
the same pension is payable to spouse after death of subscriber .
The loans provided are easily accessible and in three categories- Shishu , Kishore and Tarun .
the mother should be advised to increase her intake of protein foods .
The 6 .6km long section is an extension of Delhi Metro’s Blue Line .
providing a statutory framework on occupational safety and health in respect of all sectors of industrial activities including the construction sector , designing suitable control systems of compliance , enforcement and incentives for better compliance .
as a general trend , pass outs from education system do not take admission in the industrial training institutes as their first choice .
they may contact you if any clarification require . for more detail please visit
Similarly , they have also adopted advanced intelligent traffic management systems including crash reporting/ monitoring systems .
never discontinue medications without doctor ’ s approval .
for windows , specific settings can block macros originating from the internet from running .
1 . MoU with the Ministry of Transport of the Russian federation for the development of cooperation in transport education for the development of cooperation in transport education .
beneficiary contribution
then , when a number of agents are running on different computers , a single `` handler '' can instruct all of them to launch a denial-of-service attack on another system .
the water will need to be circulated fairly constantly to maintain even temperature .
interest subsidy will be credited upfront to the loan account of beneficiaries through lending institutions resulting in reduced effective housing loan and equated monthly installment .
“My heartiest congratulations to ISRO and its scientists on the successful launch of PSLV today .
enable personal firewalls on workstations .
the esign service
if it is reported by the head of the institution at any time that a scholar has by reasons of his/her own act of default failed to make satisfactory progress or has been guilty of misconduct such as resorting to or participating in strikes , irregularity in attendance without the permission of the authorities concerned etc . , the authority sanctioning the scholarship may either cancel the scholarship or stop or withhold further payment for such period as it may think fit .
applicant ’ s recent photograph ( 2 copies ) not older than 6 months .
the particles released by this further split other atoms in a chain process .
India , which is second largest oil refiner in Asia , is emerging as a refinery hub with refining more than its demand .
This figure has gone up to Rs . 1 .83 lakh crores in this government .
crude protein ( % )
feed and water consumption decreases and the birds lose weight .
He described the submarine as an excellent illustration of the fast growing strategic partnership between India and France .
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi addressed the Grand Finale of the Smart India Hackathon via video conferencing , today .
if you have to leave your home , remember these evacuation tips
Cooperation between the two postal agencies including exchange of experience , knowledge and technology in e-commerce/logistics services ; cooperation on philately ; establishment of working group of experts ; feasibility studies on using air and surface transit capacities of both countries .
a citizen can access the portal through mobile devices to use ‘ specialised ’ light weight interfaces to ‘ report a missing ’ / ‘ report a found ’ children or to search a missing/found children .
putting in place a streamlined institutional techno-legal framework in order to create and preserve the integrity of an enabling regulatory environment and a compliance regime .
if an institutional care becomes necessary then it should be provided in surroundings and circumstances as much closer as possible to that of a normal lifestyle .
it can be ( 1 ) boiled ,
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with the awardees of National Teachers’ Awards , 2017 at Lok Kalyan Marg , on the eve of Teachers’ Day .
while the point of switching to hydrogen is to get rid of using fossil fuels , they are still needed to produce hydrogen fuel .
but there the difference ends for our purposes , because the resulting effect on the skin is much the same .
as such , complete eradication of such fishes from stocking pond is essential and netting , draining out or by applying fish toxicants to the pond .
rogi kalyan samiti ( patient welfare committee ) / hospital management committee is a simple yet effective management structure .
Just yesterday , we approved a new Central Sector Scheme .
export worthiness of the organization .
He explained how he now does job work for foundries .
the national health mission envisages achievement of universal access to equitable , affordable & quality health care services that are accountable and responsive to people 's needs .
application verification
Mr . Lorenzo Angeloni , Ambassador of Italy to India
mineral mixture
note
We are fortunate that South African President Mr . Cyril Ramaphosa is going to grace the Republic Day celebrations as chief guest .
What it meant was that we can’t manage our economy rather become a problem for others and India was tagged along with Fragile Five group .
students studying in class of the higher secondary school courses or the xii class of the multipurpose high school not be eligible for it being a continuous school courses .
there is a common belief that diabetics can not eat rice and they can eat only wheat .
approximately half of women with a history of gestational diabetes go on to develop type 2 diabetes within five to ten years after delivery .
data in memory in this context is when the card track data is brought into the system at the system via a point of interface or some other input device ) .
when you look at a skeleton , the compact bone is what you see .
He noted the growing convergence between India and US , and the strengthening of their Strategic Partnership .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Shirdi , Maharashtra on October 19 , 2018 .
People who served as Chief Ministers are in jail for their corruption , he asserted .
PM Babis recalled visit of the President of India to Czech Republic in September last year when several MoUs for bilateral cooperation were signed .
it is a time of rapid cognitive , linguistic , social , emotional and motor development .
providing social assistance to the elderly , widow and disabled persons .
The Prime Minister said that today , the people want the country to rid itself of its weaknesses as soon as possible .
it is both powerful and efficient .
this type of blood clot is called an embolus .
assistance for recurring and non recurring expenditure for management of swadhar greh
The Prime Minister said , ”Saddened by the demise of LS MP from Alwar , Mahant Chand Nath ji .
post-harvest technology applications
short title , extent and commencement
The EU side encouraged the greater participation of Indian business organizations into the Enterprise Europe Network .
good governance initiatives by gram panchayats .
livelihoods - information , communication & technology focuses on stabilizing and promoting existing livelihood portfolio of the poor through its three pillars – ‘ vulnerability reduction ’ and ‘ livelihoods enhancement ’ through deepening/enhancing and expanding existing livelihoods options and tapping new opportunities in farm and non-farm sectors  ; ‘ employment ’ - building skills for the job market outside  ; and ‘ enterprises ’ - nurturing self-employed and entrepreneurs ( for micro-enterprises ) .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of the renowned Sufi singer , Shri Pyarelal Wadali .
the carpet area of houses being constructed under this component should be upto 30 sq .m . for economically weaker section category and upto 60 sq .m . for low income group category .
a father can support the mother while she breastfeeds by caring for the household and other children or by caring for the newborn while she rests .
duration of scholarship
President Solih accepted the invitation with pleasure .
wards of ex- personnel in receipt of gallantry awards .
· Meeting of the BRICS Senior Officials Environmental Affairs – 17 May ( Durban )
brain tumors , either primary , originating in the brain , or metastatic from a cancer that began in another organ
remove rings , bracelets , shoes and tight-fitting articles as soon as possible after injury , as swelling may develop making it difficult to remove them later
stay vigilant and aware of cellphone 's network connectivity status and register for alerts and emails  :
Prime Minister reiterated India’s commitment to extend full support to Afghanistan’s efforts for building a peaceful , united , prosperous , inclusive and democratic Afghanistan .
The Prime Minister mentioned 13 crore loans being disbursed under the Mudra Yojana , and four crore loans out of this number , being disbursed to first time beneficiaries of such loans .
they can cost the life of the mother and/or the baby .
possible unconsciousness .
sad memories of the use of nuclear weapons dropped on hiroshima and nagasaki , and the wide publicity given to the reactor accidents at three mile island in nuclear and chernobyl in erstwhile radiological disaster , have strongly influenced the public perception of any nuclear emergency or disaster to be most often linked , erroneously though , to only these events .
ensure scientific disposal of hospital waste  ;
opinions
the term correspondence includes distant and continuing education .
storing drinking water in a clean , covered container
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister described India’s democratic system of governance as a great teacher , which inspires over 125 crore people .
this section provides a peek into various online interactive resources !
she agrees , but only because she , or someone she knows is in danger , or
f ) To exchange experiences in the areas of promotion , marketing , destination development and management .
the earth provides enough to satisfy every man ’ s needs but not every man ’ s greed said gandhiji .
He visited the various sections of the Memorial .
He said the Government’s focus is on increasing productivity through high speed connectivity .
The PM laid the foundation stone of roads’ project worth Rs 500 Crores with the press of a button .
village swachhtha index captures environmental friendliness as evidenced by absence of litter around houses and public places and no stagnant water around house holds .
key principles of e-kranti
national jute board act , 2008 provides to “ secure better working conditions and provisions and improvement of amenities and incentives for workers engaged in the jute industry  ” under section , 5 ( 2 ) , ( xxii ) for the welfare of workers in jute - producing units .
newborn babies should be given to the mother to hold immediately after delivery .
the adults around them smoke ,
any indian citizen who has a business plan for a non-farm sector income generating activity such as manufacturing , processing , trading or service sector and whose credit need is less than rs 10 lakh can approach either a bank for availing of micro units development & refinance agency ltd . loans under pradhan mantri mudra yojana .
Pahari Dam is a water storage dam situated on Dhasan river in Jhansi district .
resident as per the said act means an individual who has resided in india for a period or periods amounting in all to one hundred and eighty-two days or more in the twelve months immediately preceding the date of application for enrolment .
stir well , and feed it to the child from a clean cup .
all project proposals in e - kranti must involve a substantial transformation in the quality , quantity and manner of delivery of services and significant enhancement in productivity and competitiveness .
under this central sector scheme , 100 % central grant will be admissible for implementing projects which are on lands owned by government/government institution/government undertakings including universities and non-profit making agencies or the village panchayats from which the usufructs will flow to the community .
assessment of the unit
crop husbandry ( including horticulture )
enter recipient ’ s mobile number , mobile money identifier and amount .
even though such situations may not easily be repeated , one must be prepared to face nuclear/radiological emergencies of lower magnitudes and ensure that the impact of such an emergency ( which , for a given magnitude , is likely to be much greater today because of higher population densities coupled with an enhanced urban infrastructure due to economic prosperity ) is always kept under control .
I believe that Mahatma Gandhi is still as relevant in today’s world as he was in his lifetime : Shri Narendra Modi
so it should be heaped above the soil .
the act mandates setting up juvenile justice boards and child welfare committees in every district .
he/she has a right to perform productive work or to participate in any other meaningful occupation to the fullest possible extent of capabilities .
even if a bite does not break the skin , it may cause crushing and tearing injury to underlying bone , muscles , tendons , ligaments and nerves .
The Union Cabinet today approved implementation of ‘Prime Minister’s Research Fellows ( PMRF )’ scheme at a total cost of Rs .1650 crore for a period of seven years beginning 2018-19 .
The Prime Minister appreciated the contribution of Mr . Le Drian to the growing India-France engagement , in his current role as well as in his earlier role as Defence Minister of France .
residents of the following states/districts may note that the enrolment is being conducted by the office of the registrar general of india which is responsible for preparing the national population register .
The Prime Minister will address the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University .
Highlighting the initiatives of the Union Government in building modern transport system throughout the country , Prime Minister said that 400 km of operational network of metro have been built in the past four and half years .
infected birds pass fetid watery diarrhea .
easy fatigability
any medium term deposit will be allowed to be withdrawn after 3 years and any long term deposit after 5 years .
special pay of rs .160/- per month is admissible to any employee of the hostel willing to extend help to a severely orthopedically handicapped student residing in hostel of an educational institution , who may need the assistance of a helper .
Government’s drive against corruption and middlemen will continue : PM
This MoU provides for cooperation in the fields of rice production and processing , multi cropping system , dryland farming systems , bio-organic farming , solid and water conservation and management , soil fertility , sericulture , agro forestry , livestock improvement etc .
Mr . Sanjay Agarwal , Secretary , Agriculture
promote sustainable livelihoods .
the empowered programme committee will implement the mission under the overall guidance of the mission steering group
the marks shall be legible and indelible , and the characters easily decipherable and shall be clearly displayed .
The revised guidelines would reduce delays in implementation of closure plans of sick/loss making CPSEs .
messages for adolescents on emotional well-being
Your Excellency President Duterte ,
the act of stalking includes continuously following a woman or contacting her , where she has clearly shown , she doesn ’ t want the attention .
if you do not have mosquito proofing keep doors and windows shut during sunrise and sunset .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its for rationalization/merger and modernization of 17 Government of India Presses ( GIPs )/Units into 5 Government of India Presses ( GIPs ) at Rashtrapati Bhavan , Minto Road and Mayapuri , New Delhi ; Nashik , Maharashtra and Temple Street , Kolkata , West Bengal .
good ventilation .
take all first letters of all words in the above statement
what is waste  ?
maharashtra and odisha
information technology also has the national disaster management operations centre which will be equipped with a state-of-the-art resilient and redundant communication systems , information technology also carries out the tasks of capacity development , training and knowledge management .
despite above efforts , if you are not in a position to locate details of passport seva , address your first appeal as under  :
if a child is -positive or suspected to be positive , a trained health worker should be consulted about which vaccines to give the child .
various resource assessment carried out by agencies established the potential 10600 /1000 spread over 340 hot springs across seven geothermal provinces/11 states .
representatives of the indian medical association
acquiring equipment , furniture , ambulance ( through purchase , donation , rental or any other means , including loans from banks ) for the hospital  ;
Over meals , the Prime Minister had focused discussions with select groups of officers , on specific security and policing issues .
alternatively , 250 kg mahua oil cake can be applied which kills all the fishes and also acts as organic pond fertilize .
during may 2017 , it has been reported that a ransomware named as `` wannacry '' is spreading widely .
assessments designed to provide useful feedback on learning
More than one lakh houses have been completed in the State of Gujarat .
developing capacities for preventive health care at all levels for promoting healthy life styles , reduction in consumption of tobacco and alcohol etc .
birth preparedness/micro birth plan - including place of delivery and the presence of an attendant at the time of the delivery .
applications for grant of scholarship will be processed on first cum first serve basis and release will be subject to availability of fund .
having an uncomplicated picture of which supplies are where , and when more are needed , is a basic requirement for any logistics system , especially for reliably delivering vaccines to remote healthcare clinics .
wards/widows of deceased central armed police forces personnel died for causes attributable to government service including casualties during conduct of election .
action plan for organic farming for one cluster
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone for the All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS ) , at Bilaspur .
coir pith composting technology
the basics of energy such as sources of energy , forms of energy , units of power and energy and present use of energy is explained .
a pinch of turmeric can also be added to the water to bring vibrancy to the body .
He laid the Foundation Stone for the revival of North Koel ( Mandal Dam ) project , Kanhar Sone pipeline irrigation scheme , and strengthening of various irrigation systems and lining works .
women who have an increased level of physical activity , above the usual levels , during pregnancy
convergence is also sought with programmes of state governments for developing synergies directly or indirectly with institutions of the poor .
We believe that fruits of development must reach people with ease and efficiency .
The Minister of Foreign Affairs of Maldives will make an official visit to India on the 26th of November to hold further discussions and to prepare for the forthcoming State Visit of President Solih to India .
Will save public funds , which are currently being used for loss making BSCL , and can be used for other developmental work
He will inaugurate the collective e-grihapravesh of twenty five thousand beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri AwasYojana through video conferencing .
special pay of rs .160/- per month is admissible to any employee of the hostel willing to extend help to a severely orthopedically handicapped student residing in hostel of an educational institution , who may need the assistance of a helper .
smoking , alcohol , drugs , poisons and pollutants are particularly harmful to pregnant women , the developing fetus , babies and young children .
Reiterating his endeavour to bring basic amenities to the villages from clean cooking fuel to electricity and healthcare to financial services , PM said it is in line with our mission and the idea of ‘Gramuday to Bharatuday’ .
multiple transfer input options to choose from , for initiating transactions , such as account no .
Speaking about the projects unveiled today , PM said this is an effort towards making Varanasi an important centre of New India .
The PM said that sabkasaathsabkavikas entails empowerment of all sections of the society including poor , women , youth and tribals .
He also inaugurated a dialysis centre at Bijapur Hospital .
symptoms indicating that complications may be arising
The Prime Minister congratulated Dr . Abdul Momen on his appointment as the Foreign Minister , and appreciated his gesture of selecting India as the destination for his first foreign visit .
It is a transparent system in which no one can hurt the interests of the Consumers .
heavy infections often make children too sick or too tired to concentrate at or even attend school .
Talking about the transformationof the farming sector , Shri Narendra Modi said that the agriculture sector has developed rapidly in the last 48 months .
little or no movement of the fetus .
optimum moisture content for storage
physical inactivity
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and President Donald J . Trump of the United States exchanged New Year greetings in a telephonic conversation last evening .
they may lose the ability to care for them and may need a caretaker to help them with their grooming needs and daily chores .
thus , the end target of the attack is not your own computer , but someone else ’ s -- your computer is just a convenient tool in a larger attack .
the dairy plant/unit seeking award of quality mark and being eligible as per above shall submit the application to national dairy development board anand along with the supporting documents and fees .
which contains uniform resource identifier ( links ) of the documents issued to the resident by the govt . department or other agencies .
if you have any comments / suggestions on the above content , please post them here
He had said that joining Congress is like committing suicide .
The Pradhan MantriSwasthya Suraksha Yojana ( PMSSY ) , a Central Sector Scheme , aims at correcting the imbalances in the availability of affordable tertiary healthcare facilities in different parts of the country in general , and augmenting facilities for quality medical education in the under-served States in particular .
with intravenous contrast injection , it can also be used to look at the arteries of the brain .
it helps schemes to clean out duplicates and fakes , to provide accurate data and enable implementation of direct benefit programmes .
under the mental health act , 1987 mentally ill persons are entitled to the following rights  :
The Prime Minister recalled Sardar Patel’s vision of the dam .
take help of veterinarians .
review of inspection report and approval of basic training providers by government and private
practice the following hygiene tips during cooking to prevent food contamination , food poisoning and transmission of disease .
kinetic energy is the energy in moving objects or mass .
The Prime Minister said that Shri Vajpayee wanted democracy to be supreme .
The 10 km section is a part of Phase-1 of Chennai Metro .
Over the last three years , we have systemically and critically evaluated business regulations .
this should be followed by hand washing with soap .
to generate models of local level development and effective local governance which can motivate and inspire neighbouring gram panchayats to learn and adapt
ministry of rural development
rabies and cat scratch fever
petroleum act 1934
tibetan medical and astrological institute , dharamsala of his holiness dalai lama
has blood in the stool
sturdy shoes
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will inaugurate the fourth Partners’ Forum on 12th December at New Delhi .
We have over 300 million middle class consumers .
bonds would be allowed to be traded on exchanges to allow early exits for investors who may so desire .
“On their Statehood Day , my best wishes to the people of Telangana .
More than 500 million of India population will be urban by 2025 and this opens the scope for cooperation in building smart solutions in India .
sensitise the parents about internet safety norms .
Senior officials repeatedly emphasized that initiatives of the Union Government such as Swachh Bharat Abhiyan , Mission Indradhanush , Beti Bachao – Beti Padhao , and Pradhan Mantri Matru Vandana Yojana etc , are having a positive impact on nutrition .
teachers ’ training institutions shall be established to develop requisite manpower .
sick persons at home should keep distance from others .
In 2017 , just the UPI-based transactions grew seven thousand percent .
President Ghani briefed the Prime Minister on initiatives by his government towards peace & reconciliation and also in confronting the challenges of terrorism and extremism imposed on Afghanistan and its people .
coach 3 & 4  : adaptation
The Institute will be established in three years in two phases .
most poisoning is accidental , and it is vital to take sensible precautions against accidents .
a victim may bleed from the bite site or bleed spontaneously from the mouth or old wounds .
He called for a report on the condition of rural roads in the Islands within two weeks , and said that once the report has been examined , the Union Government will give whatever assistance is possible .
salient features of * 99 # mobile app
implementation process
cash assistance for home delivery
the father of our nation mr . mahatma gandhi always puts the emphasis on swachhta as swachhta leads to healthy and prosperous life .
in addition the state governments should also prepare a comprehensive plan to combat heat wave .
it identifies 75 primitive vulnerable tribal groups .
respiratory group of diseases like tuberculosis , influenza , chickenpox , meningitis
eligible household  :
The MoU was signed on 10th March , 2018 .
a ) Exchanging information and expertise in Legislations in the tourism development , Hotels , resorts and tourist accommodation facilities , Tourism data and statistics , Exhibition events and other tourism activities in States of the Parties , Tourism development , planning and investment ; Licensing , operating and marketing tourism facilities , Agricultural Tourism , Desert tourism etc .
the progeny of breeder seed produced by recognized seed producing agencies in public and private sector , under supervision of seed certification agencies in such a way that its quality is maintained according to prescribed field ad seed standards .
Shri Ahmad Javed , Ambassador of India to Saudi Arabia
stimulating local economic development with emphasis on reduction of poverty and unemployment in rural areas .
micro mini banks /post offices
Here , he will dedicate the National Salt Satyagraha Memorial to the nation , on Bapu’s death anniversary .
The National Salt Satyagraha Memorial at Dandi , is one example .
he verifies the info on screen and click pay to complete the payment .
immunization is urgent .
spray the extract after 3 .30 to get effective results .
comply with all relevant legislation on copyright , property theft , fraud , discrimination and obscenity on all forms of it enabled devices .
The central assistance is provided to the State Governments / UT Administrations under the Scheme for construction of court halls and residential units for Judicial Officers / Judges of District and Subordinate Courts .
In Surat , PM will interact with the youth at the New India Youth conclave .
how does parkinson 's disease occur  ?
the following stakeholders and their roles and responsibilities are outlined in the policy guidelines .
empowered programme committee chaired by secretary health and family welfare , to be the executive body of the mission
these pellets are loaded into long rods that are put into the power plant 's reactor .
this is a free service delivered through state- of -art emergency call response centers and has over 7016 ambulances including 996 drop back ambulances across andhra pradesh , gujarat , uttarakhand , goa , tamil nadu , karnataka , assam , meghalaya , madhya pradesh , himachal pradesh , chhattisgarh , uttar pradesh , rajasthan , kerala and 2 union territories dadra & nagar haveli and daman & diu .
after the verification & approval process , the respective login credentials ( user id and password ) will be communicated to the school/college through queries to the state nodal officer .
many children die of pneumonia at home because their parents or other caregivers do not realize the seriousness of the illness and the need for immediate medical care .
fish meal/soya meal
The Prime Minister will then travel to Bengaluru , where he will address the gathering at the Dashamah Soundarya Lahari Parayanotsava Mahasarmapane .
monthly coaching allowance to mentally retarded and mentally ill students
I state again my Government’s strong support to the ongoing dialogue process between the two Koreas and between the U .S .A . and D .P .R .K .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Israel on cooperation in the Oil and Gas Sector .
individuals with this sporadic form of the disease do not have a family history of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , and their family members are not considered to be at increased risk for developing it .
He said the Balasore-Haldia-Durgapur LPG pipeline , will ensure easy supply of LPG in parts of Odisha and West Bengal , saving transportation cost and time .
translation of at least 5 award winning books and poetry , popular folk songs of one state in the language of the partner state .
rs .12 ,000/- per year
RanjitSagar Dam was commissioned in Aug , 2000 .
This is more than a building , it is a vibrant centre that will further the aspirations of Arunachal Pradesh , he said .
even if someone in a family does not have individual valid documents , the resident can still enrol if his/her name exists in family entitlement document .
every child should complete a recommended series of immunizations .
On Uttarakhand Foundation Day , my greetings to the people of the state ” , the Prime Minister said .
factories act 1948
bone care
the award once made will be tenable from the stage at which it is given to the completion of course subject to good conduct and regularity in attendance .
the state government will collect samples through the staff of their department of agriculture or through the staff of an outsourced agency .
steps to transfer funds using account number
some content on websites is freely licensed , meaning that you have the owner ’ s permission to download and share these works freely .
warning signs to watch for  :
the minimum living space available to each inmate should be 40 sq . feet excluding kitchen , toilet and other common space .
He also presented the Vaishakh Sammaan Prashasti Patra to the Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies , Sarnath ; and the All India Bhikshu Sangha , Bodh Gaya .
prime minister krishi sinchayee yojna ( watershed development component )
government of india plans to do away with all employer codes being issued by separate labour enforcement agencies by replacing them with new labour identification number .
the account may be transferred anywhere in india if the girl child in whose name the account stands shifts to a place other than the city or locality where the account stands .
advise the mother and family members on immunization
good nutrition – an adequate , well balanced diet combined with regular physical activity – is a cornerstone of good health .
On this occasion Prime Minister Narendra Modi also released Gujarati-Hindi dictionary published by Central Hindi Directorate .
are fully immunized – immunization offers some protection against some forms of tuberculosis
The Prime Minister will also address the gathering .
pond management
the stomach changes the food we eat into a fuel called glucose , a form of sugar .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved appointment of Second National Judicial Pay Commission ( SNJPC ) for Subordinate Judiciary in the country .
no subsequent failure will be condoned except courses in group ‘ i ’ , and no further change in the course will be allowed .
it is a crime to conduct any kind of test or procedure ( like an ultrasound ) to try and make sure the foetus is of a particular sex or to check the sex of your foetus under another law called the pre-conception and pre-natal diagnostic techniques ( prohibition of sex selection ) act , 1994 .
environmental factors and exposure to some viral infections have also been linked to the risk of developing type 1 diabetes .
note  : all the above cases of regularization / name change should not be in possession of piped natural gas connection from subscription voucher oil company and shall be required to submit proof of identity & address , form , declaration .
He said Kashi is now emerging as a health hub .
turkeys may have twisted necks .
secure water heaters , cylinders etc . , by strapping them to the walls or bolting to the floor .
a regional tsunami from a local earthquake could strike some areas before a tsunami warning could be announced .
Naming many such saints from various parts of India , across different eras , the Prime Minister mentioned BabasahebAmbedkar who ensured for every citizen of India , equality , through the Constitution .
There is no better place for creativity and innovation than university campuses , the Prime Minister said , adding that campuses should organize days to celebrate the culture and language of various States , to strengthen the spirit of “Ek Bharat , Shreshtha Bharat . ”
On the occasion of the birth anniversary of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay , the Prime Minister also dedicated a new ONGC building – the Deendayal Urja Bhawan .
staying healthy throughout life is an excellent way to keep your bones healthy .
PM also inspected Loin Loom operations there .
• A memento entitled “Divinity ” received from SGPC , Amritsar , which had a base price of Rs . 10 ,000/- was auctioned for Rs . 10 .1 lakh .
the system facilitates hospitals to easily manage their registration and appointment process and monitor them
affected birds are unthrifty and stunted because they do not eat .
if a student violates any other term and condition of the scholarship , the scholarship may be suspended or cancelled .
I am proud that India’s first woman Defence Minister Nirmala Ji is from Tamil Nadu .
second appeal form
the number of aftershocks will decrease over the course of several days , weeks , or months depending on how large the main shock was .
aligns with the global every newborn action plan defines commitments based on specific contextual needs of the country
list of documents required
Social Security for MSME Sector Employees
Honourable Heads of State and Government ,
phases of seed certification
has convulsions
under the law ( copyright act 1957 section 63a ) , the punishment for doing this again after you ’ ve already been punished once is more severe .
The Prime Minister said that India does not lack in ideas , resources and capabilities , but certain States and regions have lagged behind due to a governance deficit .
Talking about ‘Swachh Bharat Mission’ , Prime Minister said that the scheme is playing a central role in creating a healthy India .
there are 206 bones in an adult ’ s body whereas infants have around 300 bones in their body .
the trained health worker should show the mother , father or other caregiver how to give the child a zinc tablet by dissolving it in a small amount of expressed breast milk , clean water in a small cup or spoon .
this is the simplest form of fund transfer ,
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will dedicate to the nation , the naval submarine INS Kalvari , at Mumbai on Thursday .
by ensuring stakeholders awareness of and accessibility to applicable policy , documents , codes , regulations and standards  ;
Talking about Self Help Groups ( SHGs ) , Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor , especially for women from rural strata of society .
how temperature rise , monsoon variations , sea level rise are predicted to affect vital sectors like water , agriculture , forests and biodiversity , and human health and ways to reduce these .
dr . s . radhakrishnan post doctoral fellows in social sciences
the scheme is anchored by department of financial services , ministry of finance , government of india .
right pricing of rupay products would make the rupay cards more economically feasible for banks to offer to their customers .
The MoU was signedin July 2018 during the State visit of President of Korea to India .
current tribal literacy rate
all government documents/ certificates to be available on the cloud .
( source  : adapted from guidelines )
basic training cost will be limited to rs . 7500/- for a maximum of 500 hours/3 months .
PM in Arunachal Pradesh
the heap is left undisturbed for about a month .
improve equity in higher education by providing adequate opportunities of higher education to scheduled tribe and socially and educationally backward classes  ; promote inclusion of women , minorities , and differently abled persons .
take your life .
to access the complete user manual for registration , click here .
cyber criminals can exploit remote access configurations on point of sale systems to gain access to these networks .
mainstream and integrate national disaster management plan and institutional strengthening
a feeding bottle should not be used .
provide the mother and father with a record of essential information about the baby at birth ( weight , height , time of birth )
Addressing the jawans , the Prime Minister , said that like everyone else , he too wishes to spend Diwali with his family .
the contribution levels would vary and would be low if subscriber joins early and increase if s/he joins late .
He worked with DharmYug with a sense of attachment .
those are intrinsic diseases , extrinsic diseases and diseases of unknown origin .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , addressed via video conference , the India Carpet Expo at Varanasi .
arteriovenous malformations may cause headache before they leak
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister described Shri Bahuguna as a leader committed to democratic values .
section 80 dd provides for a deduction in respect of the expenditure incurred by an individual or hindu undivided family resident in india on the medical treatment ( including nursing ) training and rehabilitation etc . of handicapped dependants .
due to a range of factors , including age , physical ability , gender , health conditions and , dependency on care givers , many children are extremely vulnerable in the event of a disaster .
the laws include the factories act , mines act , merchant shipping act and the motor transport workers act .
6 . Prime Minister Modi welcomed the recent changes initiated by His Royal Highness Crown Prince to bring in moderation and openness in Saudi Arabia while His Royal Highness the Crown Prince conveyed his appreciation for Indian model of ethos of inclusiveness , pluralism and tolerance .
Exchanging visits by governmental officials , academic staff , scholars , teachers , experts and students ; iii .
The Prime Minister mentioned steps taken to improve ease of access to justice , such as increasing the number of e-courts , and strengthening of the National Judicial Data Grid .
scheme for award of financial assistance for education ( scholarship ) to the children of cine workers
the pit is filled alternately with dry layers of material and cow dung suspension till it rises 0 .5 m above ground level .
The requirement of road , rail and waterways is enormous .
clinical features
studies indicate that a domestic household on an average has 5-6 lighting points .
upload your proof after filling the complaint form , which should be only in text format
typing/printing charges for preparing reports/projects ,
PM will also interact with select beneficiaries of PM-KISAN through video conference .
there are typically four steps in a meditation process .
bone is made up of proteins and other minerals like calcium , phosphate and magnesium .
app is registered to listen to internet , it starts the app and takes ashok straight to pay screen with all values pre-populated from the link/intent .
if symptoms do not go away within 24 hours ,
holding of bal sabhas every quarter
renewal of scholarship
PM KISAN is a revolutionary scheme which aims to transform the lives of small and marginal farmers in India , by providing them assured monetary support in three instalments every year .
Prime Minister Modi appreciated Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina’s development goals of transforming Bangladesh into a middle income country by 2021 , and a developed country by 2041 .
bharat interface for money does not store or read your personal identification number details and your bank 's customer support will never ask for it .
The molecular oncology department of the institute was designated a “Centre of Excellence ” in 2007 by the Union Government .
keep the cooking area and vessels clean .
a large percentage ( 30 % ) of the elderly are below the poverty line .
sexual harassment is a crime under the indian penal code 1860 section 354a .
The Prime Minister noted that the freedom struggle became a mass movement due to the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi .
farrowing sow
the host institute shall provide one set of uniform to all the suryamitra participants .
bharat interface for money
Centre of Excellence for Information and Technology
note  : for all pradhan mantri mudra yojana loans , the following are to be noted .
dairy units which meet the criteria for award of quality mark will be allowed to use the quality mark logo on the packages containing milk and milk products .
some of these may lead to more serious /life threatening complications .
moreover , it takes much longer to perform , requires the patient to cooperate by holding still , and requires that the patient have no metal in their body ( for example , a heart pacemaker or metal foreign objects in the eye ) .
even though mortality is less in this age group , they suffer of various health and nutritional problems which may lead to morbidity and nutritional deficiencies .
Your courageous leadership of Myanmar peace process is praiseworthy .
The Prime Minister said , “Anguished by the passing away of Shri Madan Lal Khurana Ji .
however , close coordination between micro planning activity for sarva shiksha abhiyan and school development plan preparation would be necessary for convergence .
The Prime Minister said that ‘Operation Greens’ announced in the budget this year , would benefit farmers growing Tomato , Onion and Potato .
human development  :
As per the existing Act , it was required to have the representation of dentists registered in Part B as Central Government nominees in the Dental Council of India and the election of four/ two members from Part B to the State/ Joint State Dental Councils .
repayment period of loan is extended up to 5 years
She lost her father at a very young age , and her brother and mother encouraged the talent and skills of Sonali .
scheme for award of financial assistance for education ( scholarship ) to the children of limestone & dolomite mine workers
in covered house , we should consider the total lying and dunging area for calculating floor space requirement .
fruit and vegetables should be peeled or washed thoroughly with clean water , especially if they are to be eaten raw by young children .
The Prime Minister said that today , the life of a sportsperson can span several decades .
timing births
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of ten infrastructure projects in the railway , road , petroleum , power , coal , urban development , and health and family welfare sectors .
In a major boost to the expansion of healthcare infrastructure in the country , the Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the continuation of Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana ( PMSSY ) beyond 12thFive Year Plan to 2019-20 .
check yourself for injuries and get first aid if necessary before helping injured or trapped persons .
nadeem opens his application on his mobile and scans the code on the screen .
this is assistance to individual eligible families belonging to economically weaker section categories to either construct new houses or enhance existing houses on their own to cover the beneficiaries who are not able to take advantage of any other component of the mission .
A record allocation of Rs . 14 .5 lakh crores has been made for rural development and agriculture .
key challenges in implementation of school safety measures include  :
PM’s next destination will be Dandi in Navsari district of Gujarat .
The Cabinet has decided to give additional government guarantee of Rs .16 ,550 crore making it Rs . 45 ,550 crore in total .
this approach has the potential of enabling huge savings in costs through sharing of core and support infrastructure , enabling interoperability through standards , and of presenting a seamless view of government to citizens .
infants who are not breastfed are at an increased risk of illness that can compromise their growth and raise the risk of death or disability .
pneumonia is the world 's leading cause of death in girls and boys under age 5 , closely followed by diarrhoea .
all children need a variety of simple play materials that are suitable for their stage of development and learning .
the greatest danger exists directly outside buildings  ; at exits  ; and alongside exterior walls .
care for parents and be respectful .
to see the products displayed , click here .
note 2  : scholars who are entitled to free boarding and/or lodging will be paid maintenance chargers at 1/3rd of hostellers ' rate .
some bank have not yet started online complaint facility , if your bank is one of that , then you should submit your application in hard copy
the unorganized sector worker and his family ( unit of five ) will be covered .
hospitals can come on board this platform and provide their appointment slots for online booking by patients .
report the correct losses to appropriate authorities .
Our processes are transparent and sensitive , he added .
a baby should be fed on demand at least eight times in a 24-hour period , during both the day and the night .
Appreciable message by the Indian Cricket Team on making India Clean .
national apprenticeship promotion scheme
The central assistance is provided to the State Governments / UT Administrations under the Centrally Sponsored Scheme ( CSS ) for development of Infrastructure Facilities for Judiciary for construction of court halls and residential units for Judicial Officers / Judges of District and Subordinate Courts .
cyber crimes can involve criminal activities that are traditional in nature , such as theft , fraud , forgery , defamation and mischief , all of which are subject to the indian penal code .
1 . bodo gadaba 2 . bondo poroja 3 . chenchu 4 . dongria khond 5 . gutob gadaba 6 . khond poroja 7 . kolam 8 . kondareddis 9 . konda savaras 10 . kutia khond 11 . parengi poroja l2 . thoti
using a toilet , or
whenever government vacancies are announced , list of registered members with suitable educational profiles are forwarded to respective employers for consideration .
clear debris from your premises immediately .
bank account for linking
count 5–10 objects
mandatory registration of child care institutions -
We will go by such speed to achieve all these goals .
The sportspersons had called on the Prime Minister at Parliament House , New Delhi .
unorganised sector pension schemes like swavalamban through the business correspondents .
Shri Vijay Gokhale , Secretary ( ER )
He said that Rural Development Ministry , Drinking Water and Sanitation Ministry , Women and Child Development Ministry , and AYUSH Ministry are all involved in this multi-disciplinary approach .
He called upon everyone to reaffirm the commitment to serving our villages .
breastfeeding helps protect babies and young children against dangerous illnesses .
Serving Judicial summons for Court proceedings in India is a major problem , which would be taken care of by this Bill by amending the Code of Criminal Procedure , 1973 .
importance of early registration
guidelines given below may be followed to protect personal information and computer online .
breast engorgement , cracked nipple
4 . In the meeting with Prime Minister Phuc , the two leaders expressed satisfaction at the growth of bilateral relations between the two countries within the framework of Comprehensive Strategic Partnership , including in the fields of maritime cooperation in the Indo-Pacific region , defence , oil and gas , trade and investment .
to implement various developmental and welfare projects/programs in mining affected areas , and these projects/ programs will be complementing the existing ongoing schemes/projects of state and central government  ;
this must lead to setting up systems for waste disposal in such a way that it has tangible impact on the population .
monitoring and response
the scheme will be applicable to all persons in the unorganised sector subject to the condition that the benefit of central government contribution will be available only to those persons whose contribution to retirement solutions limited is minimum rs .1 ,000 and maximum rs . 12 ,000 per annum , for both tier i and ii taken together , provided that the person makes a minimum contribution of rs . 1000 per annum to his tier i retirement solutions limited account .
the other way is to make deep litter poultry coops and recycle it into fish ponds daily @ about 50 kg/ha .
if a baby is not yet able to breastfeed , the mother can express her milk and safely store it so it can be fed to the baby using a sterilized feeding tube , spoon or cup .
check food supplies .
conversion of land to organic @ rs .1000/acre x 50
provide electronic product options to untapped/unexplored consumer segment
the programme implementation plans sent by the by the states are apprised and approved by the ministry .
if cloth pads are used , the pads should be washed with plenty of soap and water and dried in the sun .
feed requirement depends upon the types of pig reared i .e . dry or pregnant , boar , lactating sow , grower or finishers .
PM to inaugurate the 9th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit to give a fillip to investments in Gujarat
if there are women with class xii who are interested and willing they should be given preference since they could later gain admission to anm/gnm schools as a career progression path .
find contact info of nearest local help
eligibility of lawyers and legal professionals to register for the service
Congratulations Vikas Thakur for the Bronze in the men’s 94kg event .
integrating vertical health and family welfare programmes at national , state , block , and district levels .
step by step process for using bharat interface for money app
temperature higher than 100 .4° f
ishān vikās enabled enhancement of learning opportunities to accelerate outreach , improve quality and promote equity by facilitating access to the best educational resources for learners/ teachers .
where soap is not available , a substitute , such as ash and water , can be used .
this eliminates the risk of passing antiretroviral to the baby through breastfeeding .
primary headaches include migraine , tension , and cluster headaches , as well as a variety of other less common types of headache
Subsequently , in its meeting held on 27 .09 .2017 , the Union Cabinet increased age of superannuation of doctors working in various other Ministries/Departments including those of Indian Railways , AYUSH , Central Universities and NTs , etc . to 65 years .
getting sick during pregnancy is especially uncomfortable and unpleasant , partly because of the pregnancy itself and partly because some medicines need to be avoided during pregnancy .
He said Surendranagar district tends to benefit a lot from the waters of the Narmada .
this committee , a registered society , acts as a group of trustees for the hospitals to manage the affairs of the hospital .
seed health -
transportation costs ( actual with maximum limit of rs . 100 per visit ) within an overall limit of rs .1000 .
women who are underweight ( less than 45 kg )
others such as nuclear energy , coal and gasoline are either toxic or found in places that have hazardous environments .
Prime Minister outlined the various aspects pursued by the Government to ensure financial security for the poor and the vulnerable .
all children have the right to this protection .
the media reports on this issue do not make it clear that the role of this game/challenge in the recent cases of suicide has not been verifies yet .
risk coverage
PM Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings to people of Gujarat on their statehood day .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and President of Uzbekistan H .E . Mr . Shavkat Mirziyoyev held a bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the “Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit-2019 ” on 18 January .
on payment of requisite deposit , a user will be issued a subscription voucher , which the user must keep safely .
income certificate issued by the revenue authority
if a person begins to feel faint , he should . . .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Savitribai Phule on her Jayanti .
mandatory coverage of socially disadvantaged groups
child political refugees
Before implementation of 7th Central Pay Commission , the ceiling under CCS ( Pension ) Rules , 1972 was Rs . 10 Lakh .
round the clock availability
it also identifies major activities such as early warning , information dissemination , medical care , fuel , transportation , search and rescue , evacuation , etc . to serve as a checklist for agencies responding to a disaster .
A few days ago , under the ‘Clean Ganga Campaign’ , a group from the BSF Scaled the Everest and while returning , removed loads of trash littered there and brought it down .
india 's increasing population and extensive unscientific constructions mushrooming all over , including multistoried luxury apartments , huge factory buildings , gigantic malls , supermarkets as well as warehouses and masonry buildings keep - india at high risk .
there are 12 particularly vulnerable tribal groups having a population above 50 ,000 and the remaining groups have a population of 1000 or less .
He said that in the first phase of this scheme , an effort would be made to bring about a sea change in primary healthcare .
mobile phone and bank account enabling citizen participation in digital and financial space .
target of an increase in manufacturing sector growth to 12-14 % per annum over the medium term .
provide tips on conducting earthquake drills in the home .
micro-enterprises
blue whale is not a freely downloadable game , application or software .
we request you to please get your name spelling corrected in appropriate document i .e . aadhaar and try to link again
The Prime Minister praised the Vice President for his oratory and his way with words , be it English or Telugu .
the interrelated , inter-dependent-interlocking nature of integrated farming systems involves the utilization of primary produce and secondary produce of one system , as basic input of the other system , thus making them mutually integrated as one whole unit .
the educational and age criteria can be relaxed if no suitable woman with this qualification is available in the area and among that particular vulnerable group .
each modules of a session guides the trainer to prepare the materials for that particular session .
a confirmation screen will appear showing that mobile pin is successfully generated .
breastfeeding helps to protect babies from pneumonia and other illnesses .
the ministry financially supports states/union territories inter alia to provide toilets for girls and boys in schools under sarva shiksha abhiyan and rashtriya madhyamik shiksha abhiyan .
This is even more important today , as Science becomes hugely multi-disciplinary and requires concerted efforts .
beneficiary registration
vi ) Training in administration and management of health services and Hospitals ;
renewable energy is derived from natural processes that are replenished constantly such as solar , wind , ocean , hydropower , biomass , geothermal resources , and biofuels and hydrogen .
get expert advice if there are signs of structural defects .
preferable qualification  :
PM in Assam
they need to have plans and resources for obtaining skilled care for the birth and immediate help if problems arise .
This can be the enduring impact of this day .
scrutiny/verification & confirmation of application by national scholarship portal to be done during 01-15 th january of every year .
the policy came into force with effect from kharif 2006-07 .
will i be able to use unified payment interface across all mobile platforms  ?
to rapidly scale up skill development efforts in india , by creating an end-to-end , outcome-focused implementation framework , which aligns demands of the employers for a well-trained skilled workforce with aspirations of indian citizens for sustainable livelihoods .
funding support and incentives
Since the DoHFW provides funds to the hospitals , the grants can be given from the Department to the hospital directly .
as with other infrastructure , schools are also exposed to disaster risk .
the constitution of india which was adopted by the constituent assembly on 26th november 1949 as the magna carta of civil liberties , enshrines under dedicated article 23 , a specific provision declaring traffic in human beings , beggar and similar forms of forced labour to be punishable offence .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Kalaburagi in Karnataka and Kancheepuram in Tamil Nadu tomorrow .
financial assistance for education and assistance under skill development
a mentally ill person shall be entitled to the services of a legal practitioner by order of the magistrate or district court if he has no means to engage a legal practitioner or his circumstances so warrant in respect of proceedings under the act .
The Prime Minister said that an “empowered citizen ” is the strongest pillar of our democracy .
the certificates are stored in the life certificate repository for making it available any time and any where for the pensioner and the pension disbursing agency .
certificate of gallantry award ( mandatory for category e )
The Prime Minister mentioned the steps taken to provide affordable housing to people .
in the case of “ rural landless households  ” , the nodal agency will mean the state government/union territory appointed to administer the scheme .
The Union Cabinet was apprised of a Memorandum of Understanding signed between India and Armenia on joint issue of postage stamp .
village sports and folk arts festivals
But Muslim women in India did not have this right .
the policy has identified survival , health , nutrition , education , development , protection ( including from emergencies/disasters ) and participation as the undeniable rights of every child , and has also declared these as key priority areas .
this is the hundred percent genetically pure seed with physical purity and produced by the original breeder/institute /state agriculture university from basic nucleus seed stock .
healthy eating
further , preference in place of posting at the time of transfer/promotion may be given to the persons with disability subject to the administrative constraints .
xerox copy of proof of representation ( if you have already made the representation to the bank for grievance redressal )
In particular , he mentioned the Buddha and the Ramayana .
all pregnant women and their newborns need to be protected against tetanus .
the beneficiary shall be eligible for such in-patient health care insurance benefits as would be designed by the respective state governments based on the requirement of the people/ geographical area .
PM will flag off the first ever Diesel to Electric Converted Locomotive at Diesel Locomotive Works in Varanasi .
storm surges
I spoke to UP CM Yogi Adityanath Ji regarding the situation due to the collapse of an under-construction flyover in Varanasi .
‘In principle’ approval has been accorded for sale of enemy shares under the Custody of Ministry of Home Affairs/ Custodian of Enemy Property of India ( CEPI ) , as per sub-section 1 of section 8A of the Enemy Property Act , 1968 .
stay inside until the shaking stops and it is safe to go outside .
the first and most practical step would be to try and approach the social networking service to get the pictures taken down .
The restructuring of the CISF Cadre will result in increase of Group ‘A’ posts from 1252 to 1277 with increase of 2 posts of Additional Director General , 7 posts of Inspector General , 8 posts of Deputy Inspector General and 8 posts of Commandant .
A strong research eco-system must be developed in these universities and colleges .
the request for meeting is submitted to the concerned officer .
exit routes are clear to facilitate safe evacuation in case of fire or other emergency  ;
in order to further improve maternal and newborn health by reducing mortality and morbidity related to pregnancy and child birth , it is essential to build continuum of care that increases access to and use of skilled care during pregnancy , birth and the post partum period .
replace all even numbers letters as capital letters
all cold chain handlers are provided smart phones with the electronic vaccine intelligence network application which allows for the digitization of vaccine inventories .
however , in recent times , society is witnessing a gradual but definite withering of the joint family system , as a result of which a large number of parents are being neglected by their families exposing to lack of emotional , physical and financial support .
avian influenza is categorized as mild or highly pathogenic .
PM will also inaugurate the electrification of Railway Lines on the following sectors :
children often put their hands into their mouths , so it is important to wash their hands often , especially after they have been playing in dirt or with animals .
His path-breaking work in 1924 was due to his single-minded devotion to uncharted science .
the e-aadhaar also contains date of aadhaar generation & date of e-aadhaar download .
social security  :
I am delighted to be here in Manila , on my very first visit to the Philippines .
student should belong to scheduled tribe
the dry form of fowl pox is characterized by raised , wart-like lesions on unfeathered areas ( head , legs , vent , etc . ) .
an increase in the share of manufacturing in the country ’ s gross domestic product from 16 % to 25 % by 2022 .
operational guidelines
pradhan mantri vaya vandana yojana is a pension scheme announced by the government of india exclusively for the senior citizens aged 60 years and above which is available from 4th may , 2017 to 31st march , 2020 .
the nodal agency will identify the students .
the pigsty may be constructed with locally available materials like wooden plunks , jungle post , bamboo and thatch grasses or the houses may be of brick wall , and with corrugated galvanized iron/asbestos sheet roofing .
primarily , the goal is to develop three adarsh grams by march 2019 , of which one would be achieved by 2016 .
they eventually lose the ability to breathe on their own and must depend on ventilatory support for survival .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee on his birthday .
The MoU will be signed on behalf of the two countries after its approval by the two Governments .
It was was approved by the CCEA in January 2017 at an estimated cost of Rs . 2254 crore .
can i get an abortion in india  ?
rupees 500 per awardee couple will be paid to the organization that helped identify the couples and got the authentication done on the recommendation of the district collector .
check list for administrators and organizations partnering jansankhya sthirata kosh
an existing account holder need not open another bank account to avail of benefits under pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana .
however , it is worth mentioning that there aren ’ t many reported cases of actual prosecution for downloading movies online .
the newborn needs no other food or drink while the mother 's milk supply is coming in and breastfeeding is being fully established .
Cooperation with Sectoral VET/ Centres of Excellence of Belarus is proposed for Research and Development in the skilling ecosystem .
by developing the means for improved access to information  ;
the longer your password is , the harder it is to guess .
the national urban health mission as a sub-mission of national health mission has been approved by the cabinet on 1st may 2013 .
payer then decides to click on accept or decline
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Uzbekistan on Cooperation in the Sphere of Law & Justice .
urine or faeces ( stool from a bowel movement ) leaking out of the vagina
possession of good shape , size , colour , etc . , according to specifications of variety
the punishment for the first three kinds of sexual harassment is three years as compared to the fourth type ( making sexually coloured remarks ) which is one year .
has convulsions
non-prescription drugs
approximate estimates indicate that ground water pumping requires more than 16x109 kwh of electricity and about 2 ,000 million liters of diesel oil annually .
screen the newborn for danger signs
not all phishing attacks require a fake website .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Lok Sabha MP Mahant Chand Nath .
“Happy Easter!
skill sub-mission  : sustainable livelihoods
loss of 2 eyes or 2 limbs or
they can be severely swollen and can bleed and blister .
The Prime Minister said that a country progresses through strong organizational and institutional capacities , which are the result of years of effort .
To those joining us from abroad : Welcome to India .
the pig dung acts as excellent pond fertilizer and raises the biological productivity of the pond and consequently increases fish production .
biomass is an important source of energy accounting for about one third of the total fuel used in our country and in about 90 % of the rural households .
timely redressal of grievances filed by people , such that  :
to optimise the usage of existing public infrastructure to scale up skill development efforts across india
a slum is defined as a compact area of at least 300 people or about 60 - 70 households of poorly built congested tenements in unhygienic environment usually with inadequate infrastructure and lacking in proper sanitary and drinking water facilities .
the cause of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is not known , and scientists do not yet know why amyotrophic lateral sclerosis strikes some people and not others .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today chaired a high-level meeting to review progress with regard to “Ease of Doing Business . ”
Prime Minister Modi assured President Solih of India’s firm commitment in assisting the Maldives to achieve sustainable social and economic development .
to avoid dehydration , breastfed children should breastfeed as often as possible .
students who , after having completed their educational career in one professional line , wish to study for another profession e .g . matriculation after higher secondary will not be eligible
pregnant women who are overweight , have been diagnosed with impaired glucose tolerance , or have a family history of diabetes are all at increased risk of developing gestational diabetes .
The MoC would help improve postal services and cooperation in the postal field between India and Japan by :
what is high blood pressure  ?
rajasthan and west bengal
The Prime Minister asserted that all available technology , including space technology , should be used for improving governance .
He was re-elected as Chief Minister on 3rd June , 2002 and served till 2nd February , 2005 .
the game is named so because sometimes whales beach themselves intentionally and die .
loss of appetite
The Prime Minister said that Lothal Maritime Heritage Complexonce completed , will showcase the maritime strength of ancient India .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today visited Santiniketan in West Bengal .
PM will lay foundation stone of 624 MW Kiru Hydroelectric project in Kishtwar , Jammu Kashmir .
3 . Estimated cost of the project is Rs . 11 ,076 .48 Cr . and project will be completed in 5 years .
infrequent menstrual cycles
the national legal services authority is the central authority which implements the various schemes such as lok adallats for disposing of pending matters , legal literacy and awareness campaigns , legal aid facilities in jails etc .
1 . Promote co-operation between firms in the FinTech sector ;
if you notice any such changes , closely monitor his/her online activities , talk to school authorities or consult a child psychologist .
children who need emotional support and guidance
please note that the bank account which has been seeded last with the aadhaar number will be the one to receive money through bank .
i ) Non-communicable diseases , including child cardiovascular diseases and cancer ;
He said the Government of India is committed to the continuous development and upgradation of DLW , which is a symbol of the industrial development of Varanasi .
This is as much due to the talented Indian community as to the support from Singapore Government .
The Agreement was signed in March , 2019 in New Delhi .
The Prime Minister urged the participants to explore the possibility of Multiple Sector Hackathons like Health-Hackathon , Law-Hackathon , Architecture-Hackathon , Agriculture-Hackathon and Rural Hackathon .
mission interventions
organic farming
subsidy for beneficiary-led individual house construction /enhancement .
ingested from contaminated water sources  ;
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi congratulated the gathering on the occasion of the Silver Jubilee Celebrations of the Nairobi-West Complex of Shree Kutchi Leva Patel Samaj .
To give you an idea of the scale , the previous Government made only 25 lakh houses!
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of preparing good teachers for society .
with access to government records , citizens can evaluate and determine whether the government they have elected is delivering the results that are expected .
the “ operation smile -iii  ” was taken up during july , 2017 throughout the country as a follow up of the earlier campaigns to rescue/rehabilitate the missing children .
she or he needs all the same attention , care and support every other child needs  : birth registration , breastfeeding , immunizations , nutritious food , and protection from abuse and violence .
rigorous studies have shown that deworming has a significant impact on the health , education and livelihoods of treated children .
check your complaint status
single click facility to the customer - seamless pull
every girl and boy needs to be fully immunized .
bihar and tripura and mizoram
wards/widows of retired and serving assam rifles personnel . ( personnel below officer rank )
this quality character could be obtained with seed lots by proper cleaning and grading of seed ( processing ) after collection and before sowing / storage .
Strength through Organisation
encourage all pregnant women to use only iodized salt in food preparation to help protect their children from mental and physical disabilities and to protect themselves from goiter
initially coir pith should be put up for 3 inch height and thoroughly moistened .
PM said , “On Army Day , I convey greetings to the soldiers , veterans and their families .
state apprenticeship advisers and regional directorates of apprenticeship will act as implementing agencies in their respective state/regions .
poisons
continuing and large-scale loss of lives and damage to public and private property due to floods indicate that we are still to develop an effective response to floods .
genital cutting of girls and women can cause severe vaginal and urinary infections that can result in sterility or death .
( i ) Allowing FSI as per current norms in CRZ areas : As per CRZ , 2011 Notification , for CRZ-II ( Urban ) areas , Floor Space Index ( FSI ) or the Floor Area Ratio ( FAR ) had been frozen as per 1991 Development Control Regulation ( DCR ) levels .
they are also called fossil fuels as they are products of plants that lived thousands of years ago .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology
for chicks , increasing the brooding temperature 5may help reduce losses .
He added that the whole country takes inspiration from them .
treatment - there is no specific treatment .
if foreign body in the wound
He will also lay the foundation stone of Nirali Cancer hospital at Navsari .
regulating the employment
some fish species such as channa marulius , c .strialus , common carp and tilapia are ideal species for culture in this system .
tests that may be useful in making the diagnosis of the underlying disease causing headaches include  :
it is said , just reducing the font size of your document by 1 , reduces up to 18 per cent paper usage .
Toran Dwars , a Bodhi Tree , a musical fountain , and facade lighting are other important elements of the memorial .
bank loan
Memorandum of Understanding between the Russian Ministry of Transport and Indian Railways in the Development Cooperation in Transport Education
on submission of the application , a unique registration number would be issued , which may be referred by you for any references in future .
Mobility Led Urban Development
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister said that the area of Mirzapur holds immense potential .
the inclusion of the target group under participatory identification of poor is determined by a well-defined , transparent and equitable process of participatory identification of poor , at the level of the community .
customized product offering
It always shocked and saddened me that in a nation like ours , several people do not have their own home .
severe and extended heat-waves can also cause disruption to general , social and economic services .
what are the norms of sampling  ?
Our space program has been possible due to innumerable young scientists of the country .
this institute has a medical college , pharmacy , astrology section and a chain of 40-50 clinics all over india .
The Prime Minister also witnessed colourful cultural performances by some of the invitees , on this occasion .
to access the online registration form , click here .
directive principles
shram suvidha portal
source  : ministry of skill development and entrepreneurship
BRICS leadership will be crucial in driving this transformation .
chapter-x of the act talks of the establishment of the cyber regulations appellate tribunal , which shall be an appellate body where appeals against the orders passed by the adjudicating officers , shall be preferred .
osteoporosis occurs when there is a loss of mineral content from bone mainly in the form of calcium .
He said it would also cover pre-existing illnesses .
update point of sale software applications  :
at present , the upper limit per bank transaction is rs . 1 lakh .
when evacuations are advised
advice to eat more than her normal diet throughout the pregnancy - a pregnant woman needs about 300 kcal extra per day , over and above her usual diet , and 500 kcal extra in the post-partum period .
He noted that decisions taken in the Doha Round and Bali Ministerial Meeting are yet to be implemented .
the main objective of the seed certification is to ensure the acceptable standards of seed viability , vigour , purity and seed health .
these crimes include unauthorized computer trespassing through cyberspace , computer vandalism , transmission of harmful programs , and unauthorized possession of computerized information .
can not be used in wet areas as the pit may become waterlogged .
coco pole and pot making unit
after the first trimester , a pregnant woman gains around 2 kg every month or 0 .5 kg per week .
residents of the village should be aware of and exercise their constitutional and legal rights .
Some of the major schemes of this kind include Post Matric Scholarship , National Overseas Scholarship , National Fellowship , Top Class Education , Concessional Loans from National Scheduled Tribes Finance and Development Corporation , Hostels for ST boys and girls etc .
the monthly wages of the new employee should be less than rs . 15 ,000
the attackers trying to deny to use your own services in your computer .
The Prime Minister urged the citizens to cooperate with the security personnel .
in laying hens , infection results in a transient decline in egg production .
this includes contract/gharkhata workers also .
many lives can be saved by preventing malaria and treating it early .
The dream of “Ek Bharat – Shreshtha Bharat ” is inherent in this .
He was briefed on various aspects of the Command and Control Centre .
just and humane conditions of work and maternity relief are provided  ; and
place a bucket underneath the spot and poke a small hole into the ceiling to relieve the pressure .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will attend the 50th Raising Day ceremony of Central Industrial Security Forces( CISF ) , at Ghaziabad , on March 10 , 2019 .
they live in harmony with each other , as also with the environment , and a village which is progressive and dynamic .
applicants already availed scholarship under electronic clearing system .
to protect food from germs  :
total 2000 of scholarship to be sanctioned equally for both girls & boys under prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme will be given for the each academic year in addition to renewal cases of previous years .
The Prime Minister thanked His Royal Highness Crown Prince for sorting out the issue of “Iqamah ” for the Indian Labour who were stranded in Saudi Arabia for no fault of their own , and resolving this humanitarian issue .
a ) proof of your residence , such as driving license , passport , bank pass book , any postal letter received on your address etc .
wards of even civilian employees are not eligible under this scheme .
copy of post mortem report
He outlined other steps being taken by the Union Government for the welfare of farmers .
dismiss distractions .
what every family and community has a right to know  ?
I urge people from all walks of life to create awareness on voter registration and especially request my young friends to register themselves as voters if they have not done so already .
( 3 ) after going to the latrine or toilet themselves ,
PM summed up his address , saying these efforts of the foundation showcase the importance of transition of ‘I’ to ‘We’ , when we rise above ourselves and think about society .
He thanked the Government of Sweden , in particular His Majesty the King of Sweden ; and the Prime Minister of Sweden , Mr . Stefan Lofven who was present at the event , for the warm welcome he received in Sweden .
My dear countrymen , our former Prime Minister Morarji Desai was born on the 29th of February .
the domestic species can be largely controlled by eliminating receptacles that hold water such as tin-cans , buckets , cisterns , barrels , open tanks , etc .
to develop capacity of farmers & stakeholders , in conjunction with other on - going missions e .g . national mission on agriculture extension & technology , national food security mission , national initiative for climate resilient agriculture etc . , in the domain of climate change adaptation and mitigation measures  ;
disease can spread quickly when people are crowded together .
professional courses leading to degree , diploma , certificate in areas like pharmacy ( b . pharma ) , llb , bfs , other para-medical branches like rehabilitation , diagnostics etc . , mass communication , hotel management & catering , travel/tourism/hospitality management , interior decoration , nutrition & dietetics , commercial art , financial services ( e .g . banking , insurance , taxation etc . ) for which entrance qualification is minimum sr . secondary ( 10+2 ) .
also find out the height above sea level and the distance from the coast of outbuildings that house animals , as well as pastures or corrals .
legal aid can be provided to a person for a case which includes a suit or any proceeding before a court .
a 'rurban cluster ' , would be a cluster of geographically contiguous villages with a population of about 25000 to 50000 in plain and coastal areas and with a population of 5000 to 15000 in desert , hilly or tribal areas .
The Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojanahas been launched to ensure that no farm goes without water .
it was in 1991 that world diabetes day first came to be celebrated after the international diabetes federation and the world health organization collaborated to find a solution to the growing cases of diabetes worldwide .
the app provides realtime sanitation coverage in rural areas at your finger tips .
worms and their eggs can be found in human and animal faeces and urine , in surface water and soil , and in poorly cooked meat .
Exchange of Letter for Extension of MoU on the establishment of India-Myanmar Center for Enhancement of IT-Skill
to enhance the security and prevent misuse ,
The Prime Minister mentioned various initiatives being taken by the Union Government for the agricultural sector , such as soil health cards ,FasalBimaYojana , e-NAM etc .
Earlier , the Prime Minister visited the exhibition organized by CREDAI at Talkatora Satdium .
He also mentioned the recently launched health assurance initiative – PMJAY – under Ayushman Bharat .
bank / kisan / post office current pass book , or
agricultural research and education
Prime Minister welcomed Secretary Tillerson on his maiden visit to India in his current capacity .
one of the innovative payment service launched by national payments corporation of india is the * 99 # service , which works on unstructured supplementary service data channel .
systemic infections ( for example , pneumonia or influenza )
enter 2 for mini statement and submit .
the disease may be manifested by diarrhea , respiratory distress and arthritis .
green sticker
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will dedicate to the nation , two important national highways in Varanasi , having a total length of 34 kilometres and constructed at a cost of Rs 1571 .95 crore on Monday , the 12th of November , 2018 .
animal husbandry , dairy , poultry , piggery etc .
online registration for a new indane connection
the second observation is waste materials are turned to black in colour and the waste particle size is reduced .
As students , it is vital to ask questions , the Prime Minister said .
childline today
He will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of various schemes .
At Konark Stadium , the Prime Minister inaugurated the Parakram Parv .
pearl millet
correct , careful and prompt treatment of deep burns is therefore essential .
setting school menu standards-meal planning
they are able to concentrate on exploring , learning and developing cognitive , language , social , emotional and motor skills .
implementing agency & formulation of projects
The Prime Minister also said that the Smart City Mission is based on civic participation , civic aspiration , and civic responsibility .
difficulty in caring and support
at one time regions of the country away from the himalayas and other inter-plate boundaries were considered to be relatively safe from damaging earthquakes .
threats to e-wallets and counter measures
various technologies for energy production from renewable sources are discussed here .
jump off a high building .
single application for accessing different bank accounts
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Arunachal Pradesh today .
an inability to bend or straighten the finger
to search your nearest aggregator
development of rainfed farming systems
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has bowed to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan , on his birth anniversary .
diarrhoea kills children by draining liquid from the body , which dehydrates the child .
the district will be taken as the unit of implementation , where all activities under the programme will converge .
The Prime Minister mentioned the importance of cleanliness .
Mid-Day Meal Scheme is considered to be the largest of its kind programme in the world .
emergency management and research institute handles medical , police and fire emergencies through the “ 1-0-8 emergency service '' .
during its journey , the science express will cover over 19 , 000 km , and will be exhibited at 68 stations across 20 states of the country .
ghee , butter , coconut oil contain different type of fats , ( which may increase cholesterol ) and should be taken in small quantities .
The Prime Minister warmly recalled the successful visit of President Joko Widodo to India in December 2016 , and said that he is looking forward to welcome President Joko Widodo in India again later this month , when leaders of ASEAN countries will visit India for the ASEAN-India Commemorative Summit and will also be the Chief Guests at the Republic Day celebrations thereafter .
Rs .13 ,365 .77 crore metro project to be completed in five years
excessive aggression or shyness with friends and family .
the scheme is under implementation in all states and union territories , with a special focus on low performing states .
floods in india
in the month of april , 2016 , the establishment has added , say , 15 new workers bringing the total of employees to 60 , the employer will be eligible to apply for the labour identification number scheme benefits for these 15 new employees .
information received in confidence from foreign government
transaction complete , payer gets successful or decline transaction notification
through the skin .
it is the reaction of the body to any type of infection .
the implementation of the scheme would be carried out under the overall supervision of ministry of electronics and bank in active collaboration with states through their designated state implementing agencies , district e-governance society , etc .
age of joining and contribution period
The Prime Minister administered a pledge to the participants .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and South Korea on cooperation in Applied Science and Industrial Technology .
In addition , all ASHA workers and their helperswould be provided free insurance cover under Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana and Prime Minister Suraksha Bima Yojana .
Very near to the population of Philippines .
in case the trial or inquiry relates to an offence of rape as defined under section 376 , 376a - one stop centre scheme , it would be the duty of the prosecutors trying the case to complete the inquiry or trial as far as possible within a period of two months from the date of filing of charge sheet .
The Ministry of Water Resources , River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation has been envisaging bilateral cooperation with other countries in water resources development and management through sharing of policy and technical expertise , conducting of training courses , workshops , scientific and technical symposia , exchange of experts and study tours .
during the last 15 years , the country has experienced 10 major earthquakes that have resulted in over 20 ,000 deaths .
Humsafar Ajni ( Nagpur )-Pune Train flagged off
heat exhaustion  :
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the increase in the carpet area of houses eligible for interest subsidy under the Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme ( CLSS ) for the Middle Income Group ( MIG ) under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana ( Urban ) .
He said PM Kisan Yojana aimed at Farmer Welfare will benefits the Farmers of Uttar Pradesh the most , as most of the farmers of this state have landholdings less than 5 acres .
search and rescue of people and animals
recovered chicks are unthrifty .
application of coir pith compost
apart from the internet- based online facility , there is a consumer help line also , which can be used to lodge complaints .
sneezing
tips for social networking sites
for professional courses like engineering , medicine , management and law this assistance is given only up to post graduation .
every disabled person ( like the non-disabled ) has the freedom of conscience to practice and propagate his religion subject to proper order , morality and health .
heat stoke  :
promotion and testing of various agro-forestry models in different agro-climatic zones of the country ,
the aadhaar authentication service is fully functional and in use in several service delivery schemes across the country .
each phase of child as a new born , infant , toddler and school going age needs special attention and care to protect and prevent diseases and to optimise the growth and development to their full potential .
scholarships under this scheme will be available for studying in classes ix , x , xi , xii , post-matriculation diploma/certificates and bachelor ’ s degree or diploma in india and master ’ s degree from any university recognised by state governments . , to students with disabilities who are covered under the persons with disabilities ( equal opportunity , protection of rights and full participation ) act , 1995 and the national trust for the welfare of persons with autism , cerebral palsy , mental retardation and multiple disabilities act , 1999 and/or under any relevant legal statute in force .
fund transfer using aadhar number
unified payments interface is a system that powers multiple bank accounts into a single mobile application ( of any participating bank ) , merging several banking features , seamless fund routing & merchant payments into one hood .
health check-up and
He laid the Foundation Stone for various projects under Flagship Missions , in the State of Uttar Pradesh .
dual effect of water in the form of heavy rainfall during monsoon and water scarcity during post monsoon is severe in this region .
The Prime Minister said that on access to markets for entrepreneurs , the Union Government has taken a number of steps already .
At Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya Institute of Archaeology , the PrimeMinister flagged off the Noida City Centre – Noida Electronic City section of Metro through video link .He also laid the foundation stone of two 1320 MW Thermal Power Plants at Khurja in Uttar Pradesh and Buxar in Bihar .
• Details of the PMP for Batteries shall be formulated by the Mission .
In this context the Prime Minister spoke of the Mudra Yojana , self-employment and skill development .
target group
the object of early treatment therefore is to get rid of the heat .
tomato early blight , leaf spot
districts in karnataka  : udupi , gadag , uttara kannada , haveri , davangere , bangalore rural , chikkabalapur and kodagu
India scripted a thumping win in the under- 19 Cricket World Cup and the Blind Cricket World Cup .
Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Vijay Rupani  ;
maximum subsidy allowed ( rs )
those who have completed schooling or are fresh graduates can browse through the courses offered by the training providers to enhance their skills , including information technology skills and soft skills .
solid waste management  : composting methods
people who have a stroke may become more withdrawn and less social or more impulsive .
we can categorize cyber crimes in two ways
per drop more crop
The corridors will be having Multimodal Integration with Railway Stations & BRTS Stations and will have feeder network of Bus , Intermediate Public Transport ( IPT ) and Non Motorised Transport ( NMT ) .
It would support in expediting therecruitment process which would be beneficial for the agrarian community andagriculture at large .
the flowing water and the tides in the sea are sources of energy .
total fasting is not good for those who are diabetic especially when on treatment it may lead to drop in blood sugar and health problems .
babies born to mothers who have had malaria during pregnancy are often underweight .
Look forward to further strengthen India-Japan relations with him ” , the Prime Minister said .
49 . India and the EU agreed to intensify cooperation in skills development and agreed to find complementarities and synergies between India’s Skill India initiative and the EU’s New Skills Agenda for Europe .
terms of risk coverage
at the slum decadal growth rate of 34 % , the slum households are projected to go upto 18 million .
“We are not merely reforming our country , we are transforming it , ” the Prime Minister asserted , adding that an India free from poverty , terrorism , corruption , communalism , and casteism is being created .
convulsions or loss of consciousness
e-kranti - electronic delivery of services
for stage-i , selection will be done by states/uts through a written examination .
xerox copy of the reply received from bank , if any
rupay facilitates electronic payment at all indian banks and financial institutions , and competes with mastercard and visa in india .
stalking a person online is a crime under the indian penal code 1860 section 354d .
Both India and Brazil are rich in biodiversity with a large range of health practices based on medicinal plants and history of use of traditional medicine .
a mother 's body needs time to recover fully from pregnancy and childbirth .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with the Collectors of the four States of Uttar Pradesh , Bihar , Odisha , and Jammu and Kashmir .
2 months to 12 months
Explaining the significance of holding this event in Bijapur today , the Prime Minister said that Bijapur is one of the over 100 aspirational districts in the country , which have got left behind in the development journey .
2 . Co-operation in setting up of latest railway R&D facilities in India ;
It is a part of his mission to set up 1000 Eklavya Model Residential Schools across tribal areas .
He laid the Foundation Stone for three National Highway projects .
in other cases , symptoms initially affect one of the legs , and people experience awkwardness when walking or running or they notice that they are tripping or stumbling more often .
Built by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation , the 78 meter high , 1500 bed hospital is equipped with all modern amenities , including an air ambulance .
common application form for all scholarships
will support manufacturing units mainly and other establishments by reimbursing 50 % of the stipend paid to apprentices during first two years of their training
about scheme
Smart Cities and Next Generation Transport
He dedicated the 500-bed New Emergency Block in Safdarjung Hospital ; the 300-bed Power Grid Vishram Sadan in AIIMS ; and the Connection Motorable Tunnel between AIIMS , Ansari Nagar and Trauma Centre .
Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) of the Ministry of Tourism
livestock
principles for older persons
assesses the health of the mother and to obtain baseline information on blood pressure , weight etc
He also paid homage to the security personnel who laid down their lives in Naxal-Maoist attacks , in the region .
My government has initiated two flagship programmes to create basic infrastructure around tourist , heritage and religious destinations – Swadesh Darshan : Integrated Development of Theme-Based Tourist Circuits and PRASAD .
it also makes available to them the inspection reports prepared by the enforcement agency inspectors online .
He will also inaugurate the Patna City Gas Distribution project .
A museum dedicated to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose and the Indian National Army ; Yaad-e-Jalian , reminiscences of Jalianwala Bagh and 1857 – India’s first war of Independence constitute the premises of ‘Kranti Mandir’ , that has been dedicated to the nation .
the regulations can be changed at any time at the discretion of the government of india .
The Prime Minister also recalled the views on education of Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar , Deendayal Upadhyay , and Dr . Ram Manohar Lohia .
Three braveheart women Bhavna Kanth , Mohana Singh and Avani Chaturvedi have become fighter pilots and are undergoing training on the Sukhoi- 30 .
first aid kit and manual
technology  : to facilitate evidence-based decision-making by making available online real-time information on vaccine stocks and storage temperature through the electronic vaccine intelligence network application software and temperature loggers  ;
Last year , I had the pleasure of hosting Prime Minister Abe and Mrs . Akie Abe in my home state Gujarat also .
the applicant being interested in the kind of work offered and left her previous job and started working with the kumar on the project while working with the applicant the respondent started sharing things about his illness , removal from his previous job , family etc . and became friends .
PM will unveil the Common Mobility Card of Ahmedabad Metro .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Tribal Affairs .
ashok verifies the info on screen and click pay to complete the payment .
many transient ischemic attack last less than five minutes .
about 3-4-months old ducklings are kept on the pond after giving them necessary prophylactic treatment and safe guarding measures against epidemics .
north eastern region also has the tremendous potentiality of improvement of pig production through scientific management , as in north eastern region the deficit is aggravated due to traditional ways of pig rearing like feeding of locally available feed stuff and scavenging , improper breeding , sizeable population of non - descript pigs and non-availability of good quality pig germplasm always remains matter of concern .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has spoken to Chief Minister of Kerala Shri Pinarayi Vijayan regarding flood situation in the state .
In this context , Prime Minister mentioned about the presence of various electronic companies in Noida , including the world’s largest mobile factory .
However , the respective Ministries will need to re-align and strengthen their data systems to facilitate monitoring of the SDG indicators .
The Prime Minister exhorted the officers to work with full dedication towards creation of New India by 2022 .
it is because this game is not publicly available and freely downloadable .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has expressed pain over the loss of lives due to the fire in Mumbai .
carpenters
high levels of tetracyclines are contraindicated because they tie up calcium , thereby producing rickets .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people on Ambedkar Jayanti .
do not fall prey to offers of money that sound too good to be true !
The time frame for implementation is one year ,
Components of PM-AASHA :
When PM Benjamin Netanyahu came to India , we paid tributes at the Teen Murti-Haifa Chowk ” , the Prime Minister said .
In this context , the Prime Minister called for convergence among all schemes of Union and State Governments , which directly or indirectly have an impact on nutrition outcomes .
The Prime Minister also mentioned rising numbers of EPFO subscribers .
this vertical will be implemented with a concept “ land as a resource  ” with private sector participation for providing houses to eligible slum dwellers .
achieve convergence of investments in irrigation at the field level ( preparation of district level and , if required , sub district level water use plans ) .
the department of school education and literacy has supported the ministry of women and child development for roll out of “ beti bachao beti padhao  ” abhiyan in 100 districts of the country to enhance the sex ratio and the status of the girl child .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for International Association of Marine Aids to Navigation and Lighthouse Authorities ( IALA ) to change its status from Non-Governmental Organization ( NGO ) to Inter-Governmental Organization ( IGO ) .
this is normal and does not mean you or your child needs antibiotics .
step iii - download the form , fill it , and stick one passport size photograph on the space given .
do not add sugar .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Ghazipur in Uttar Pradesh today .
the procedure for seeking renewal shall be same as applicable for new approval .
aadhaar will provide a universal identity infrastructure which can be used by any identity-based application ( like ration card , passport , etc . )
other terms and conditions
the unified payment interface allows payments to be initiated by the payer , or by the payee .
We have seen an extension of the spirit of the Ease of Living in Ujjwala Yojana .
Nirmala Sitaraman undertook a visit to the cyclone affected areas of both Kanyakumari district in Tamil Nadu and Thiruvananthapuram on 3rd and 4th December .
all cities can learn from their experience and develop a plan to deal with heat wave in their specific cities/town and thus reduce the negative health impacts of extreme heat .
in addition , an amount of rs .5000/- per flying hour in single/multiengine aircraft for 200 hours will be paid .
participants/ vendors to furnish undertaking on stamp paper of minimum charges as applicable in their state .
expenditure incurred in government development project .
it is the cleanliness of seed from other seeds , debris , inert matter , diseased seed and insect damaged seed .
mera aspataal / my hospital
digilocker
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the media persons on National Press Day .
preference would be given to below poverty line , women , differently-abled persons and minorities
package 2  : care of small and sick newborn
diversion of water from source of different location where it is plenty to nearby water scarce areas
each individual needs to enroll only once which is free of cost .
The Prime Minister will address a public meeting .
take such other measures for the prevention of disaster , or the mitigation , or preparedness and capacity building for dealing with the threatening disaster situation or disaster as it may consider necessary  ;
But breaking of silos and information sharing among states can help make everyone more secure .
its freely and abundantly available
it not only provides a platform for online transactions but also gives the customers a unique shopping experience .
Prime Minister affirmed that India would always be a reliable and close neighbour of Maldives supporting it in its progress and security .
alzheimer 's destroys brain cells , causing problems with memory , thinking and behavior severe enough to affect work or social life .
Dr . Mohammad Javad Zarif , Minister of Foreign Affairs
it is a crime only if ramesh intended or knew it to be likely that his acts would outrage nina 's modesty .
if you have suffered a loss you must immediately contact the banks via phone ( preferable ) or email .
a cluster based approach of 100 hectare or more ( contiguous or non contiguous in difficult terrain with close proximity in a village/adjoining villages ) may be adopted to derive noticeable impact of convergence and encourage local participation and for future replication of the model in larger areas .
He assured the Chief Ministers from flood-affected States that the Union Government would provide all assistance to them , to deal with the flood situation currently affecting parts of the country .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Indonesia on Scientific and Technological Cooperation .
structural factors include dilapidated buildings , poorly designed structures , faulty construction , poorly maintained infrastructure , loose building elements , etc .
expectations of emergency management and research institute
H . E . Mr . Jean-Yves Le Drian , Minister for Europe and Foreign Affairs of France , called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
to maximize the effectiveness of evaluation and treatment , its best get in to the emergency room within 60 minutes of first symptoms .
include whole dals like moong dal and channa dal in everyday diet .
At Dwarka , he will lay the Foundation Stones of a bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka ; and other road development projects .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Amethi in Uttar Pradesh tomorrow on 3rd March 2019 .
if you have to drive , do drive carefully .
A large number of Koreans trace their ancestry to this legendary princess .
the information technology act 2000 provides the required legal sanctity to digital signatures based on asymmetric crypto systems .
counsel the mother who is hiv-positive and her partner to help them make informed decisions on future pregnancies and contraceptive methods ( refer to the hiv chapter for more information )
the act throws open the doors for the entry of corporate companies in the business of being certifying authorities for issuing digital signatures certificates .
train and enhance capacity of panchayat raj institutions to own , control and manage public health services .
once residents enroll for aadhaar , service providers will no longer face the problem of performing repeated know your customer checks before providing services .
select your state to search your name in electoral rolls and for other information
bones help you in mobility and protect your internal organs .
“Commendable gesture Anupam ji .
usher transformative reforms in the state higher education system by creating a facilitating institutional structure for planning and monitoring at the state level , promoting autonomy in state universities and improving governance in institutions .
aadhaar
the scholarships are open to nationals of india .
the existing account holders can submit an application to the concerned branch to enable them to get a rupay debit card in order to avail of the benefits of insurance under pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana .
About four-fifth of the total budget ( i .e . Rupees 75 crores ) is being earmarked for the States while the remaining fund will support the Central Council operations for 4 years and also establish the Central and State Registers .
The Prime Minister said that as a result of the efforts of the Government , the economy is functioning with less cash .
He was appointed as Chief Justice of Punjab & Haryana High Court on 12th February , 2011 .
turn her or his head towards a hand that is stroking the child 's cheek or mouth
tank should be monitored to check for cracking of seal which would allow moisture to escape .
PM said , “It is this Lok Sabha that passed the GST .
women should therefore be encouraged to avoid heavy physical labour during pregnancy .
the best treatment for diarrhoea is to ( 1 ) drink lots of liquids and oral rehydration salts ( ors ) , properly mixed with clean water from a safe source ,
what are the common ways in which i can lose money  ?
Issuance of Recapitalization Bonds by Government of India to the tune of Rs .6 ,000 crore for capital infusion in Export Import Bank of India ( Exim Bank ) .
it is readily available in shops but you can use a tin or card board box at home as your first aid box .
biological disasters are causative of process or phenomenon of organic origin or conveyed by biological vectors , including exposure to pathogenic micro-organisms , toxins and bioactive substances that may cause loss of life , injury , illness or other health impacts , property damage , loss of livelihoods and services , social and economic disruption , or environmental damage .
based on such analysis , it is suspected that a user 's address may be infected with specific bot/malware .
avoid going out in the sun , especially between 12 .00 noon and 3 .00 p .m .
pregnant women and their families need to be able to recognize the signs of labour and the warning signs of pregnancy complications .
list of allied sectors covered under the scheme
It is also noteworthy that according to WHO report , use of toilets under Swachh Bharat Abhiyan has potential to save 3 lakh innocent life .
disease
when they have a cough or cold they should be kept covered and warm .
pit/heap is unprotected so may need some protection from animals/children etc .
to establish a fast - track approval mechanism for national e-governance plan , once the detailed project report of a project is approved by the competent authority , empowered committees may be constituted with delegated powers to take all subsequent decisions
one can easily fall out with an online ‘ friend ’ because of a misunderstood comment .
there are two types of hemorrhagic stroke  :
MOU between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Seychelles regarding Indian Grant Assistance for Implementation of Small Development Projects through Local Bodies , Educational and Vocational Institutions
institutional delivery .
while non structural factors include loosely placed heavy objects such as almirahs , infestation of the campus by snakes and any other pests , broken or no boundary walls , uneven flooring , blocked evacuation routes , poorly designed and placed furniture that may cause accidents and injury , inadequate sanitation facilities etc .
The recurring cost on these Institutions shall be met through Grant-in-Aid to them from Plan Budget Head of PMSSY of Ministry of Health and Family Welfare .
It is also the life line of global commerce .
the major cause of increase in the incidence of diabetes is a sedentary lifestyle .
prevention of rabies
fields of apprenticeship training
a certificate ( in original ) of caste duly signed by an authorised revenue officer not below the rank of tahsildar .
States have been given more flexibility in utilization of NRDWP funds by reducing the number of components under the programme .
use fuel efficient cooking methods
use the telephone only for emergency calls .
oral rehydration salts mixed with the proper amount of clean water
the loss of consciousness is always a serious sign .
lifestyle changes
similarly , another dedicated campaign titled ‘ operation muskaan ’ was launched in the month of july , 2015 throughout the country .
on any alteration of the boundaries of a state on the admission into the union or the establishment of a new state , declare any territory not previously included in any state to be , or to form part of , a scheduled area  ;
The Prime Minister extended greetings to the participants and their families on the occasion of Deepawali , the Festival of Light .
first aid kit and essential medicines
The Prime Minister said that Singapore has a special place in India’s Act East Policy , built on the foundation of strong India-ASEAN relationship .
interventions
science express climate action special has asked wildlife institute of india to extend support in the endeavour .
The event was attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe today jointly laid the foundation stone for India’s first high speed rail project between Mumbai and Ahmedabad .
climate change and sustainable agriculture  : monitoring , modeling and networking provides creation and bidirectional ( land/farmers to research/scientific establishments and vice versa ) dissemination of climate change related information and knowledge by way of piloting climate change adaptation/mitigation research/model projects in the domain of climate smart sustainable management practices and integrated farming system suitable to local agro - climatic conditions .
scope of digital india
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Chhattisgarh today .
health status of seed is nothing but the absence of insect infestation and fungal infection , in or on the seed .
composting using a specific species of worms to break down waste
owners and operators of point of sale systems should follow best practices to increase the security of point of sale systems and prevent unauthorized access .
never reply to text messages from people you don ’ t know .
Signed and exchanged by Palestinian side
Rise in GDP , a rising middle class and their purchasing power is creating further growth in our huge domestic market .
make india disaster resilient , achieve substantial disaster risk reduction , and significantly decrease the losses of life , livelihoods , and assets – economic , physical , social , cultural , and environmental – by maximizing the ability to cope with disasters at all levels of administration as well as among communities .
fisheries
there will be no domicile restriction .
These projects are cumulatively worth over 37000 crore rupees .
The Prime Minister unveiled a series of development projects for Jammu and Kashmir in Srinagar .
this will ensure portability of the social security benefits to the labour of organised sector across the jobs and geographic areas .
the various documents accepted as proof of identity and proof of residence is as under  :
the cost of the statutory fees payable for each patent , trademark or design applied for in india or abroad by a start-up after launch of this scheme shall be borne by the start-up itself .
maximum pension  : rs . 10 ,000/- per month
prudential pension funds management company limited
The MoU has already been signed in 10thJanuary , 2019 at New Delhi .
if your complaint is unresolved at the branch level , you may approach the regional or zonal manager , or the principal nodal officer at the address displayed at the branch .
peeping toms punished
check regularly for the integrity of the information stored in the databases .
joint accounts will be rejected .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Lebanon for cooperation in the field of agriculture and allied sectors .
the scheme specially focused on bringing the poor , lower middle class and small businesses into the digital payment fold .
shram suvidha portal was launched on 16 october 2014 .
adequate number of personal protective equipments needs to be made available , to deal with emergency situation .
wash the food items such as vegetables thoroughly before use .
disposal of animal carcasses
He will inaugurate the Mahatma Gandhi Museum .
certification shall be conducted by the certification agency notified under section 8 of the seeds act , 1966 .
all states will be covered under the programme .
national remote sensing center guidelines are being followed for landslide hazard zonation maps at 1  : 50 ,000 scale and progressively larger scales for specific areas .
­prompt response to any threatening disaster situation or disaster .
necessary actions
mode of selection
The Prime Minister said that it appears as if a Mini World Parliament of Indian origin is gathered in Delhi today .
The students were a part of a team of the “Mission Shaurya ” initiative of the Adivasi Vikas Vibhag of the Maharashtra State Government .
the different channels for transferring funds using bank are  :
in case my mobile is used by another person , will there be any security breach  ?
measles
the centre-state funding pattern will be 75 :25 for all the states except north-eastern states including sikkim and other special category states of jammu & kashmir ,
she should insist that no formula or water be given to her baby if she is breastfeeding .
the eggs are collected every morning as the ducks lay eggs only at night .
rupay debit card is an indigenous domestic debit card introduced by national payment corporation of india .
but the total money deposited in an account on a single occasion or on multiple occasions shall not exceed one lakh fifty thousand rupees in a financial year .
danger signs during the course of a pregnancy
mobile top-up top-up
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee .
severe headaches , blurred vision
the tool will indicate the maximum retail price of the scheduled medicines ( inclusive ) .
help the woman access facilities for an early and safe abortion if she does not want to continue with her pregnancy
micro are extensively used in aadhaar enables payment systems .
who will implement this scheme  ?  :
He announced that the Union Government has approved a National Mission on Interdisciplinary Cyber Physical Systems with an investment of over Rs . 3600 crore .
under this project a landslide site in mizoram state , sports complex , aizawl has been selected .
Prime Minister Modi also spoke about other initiatives of the government including Aadhar , 10% Reservation for EWS , Maternity Benefit .
discuss tsunamis with your family .
its storage is important because it has wide range of applications .
prudential pension funds may , at its discretion and in the interest of subscribers , specify a pre-defined set of asset classes for investments from which aggregators may choose one or leave it open to the aggregators to devise their own mix .
proper sanitation and health care are very important to maintain a healthy stock .
The Prime Minister appreciated all those involved in the construction of the bridge .
salient features of the scheme
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working with a new vision for agriculture and farmers , by trying to fundamentally solve problems associated with agriculture .
In response , the Prime Minister said that while he would not advise anyone to stay completely unaffected by an examination , it is important to understand the context of the examination .
source  : portal content team
The Prime Minister visited the exhibition on products manufactured by Self Help Groups aided by Uttar Pradesh Rural Livelihood Mission .
dual purpose poultry birds are of good choice for integrated poultry cum fish farming .
Mr Jorge Faurie , Foreign Affairs Minister
I am also very excited about my remaining stay in Myanmar .
the provisions in ( b ) to ( d ) will also apply to leprosy -cured students .
so all pregnant women need access to quality antenatal services to detect and prevent life- threatening complications during childbirth .
use less oil for cooking , do not prepare fried vegetables like aloo fry , brinjal fry  : instead prepare brinjal curry/ pulusu etc
if earthen floor is available the floor can be made to hard by hard pressing and also by applying cow dung slurry .
on attaining age of ten years , the account holder that is the girl child may herself operate the account , however , deposit in the account may be made by the guardian or any other person or authority .
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today visited the State of Odisha to review the situation arising out of Cyclone Fani that hit the State on 3rd May , 2019 .
non-governmental voluntary organizations
Greeting the Teachers’ community , and paying tribute to Dr . S . Radhakrishnan on Teachers’ Day , Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that teachers inspire as well as inform , educate and enlighten .
What can be a bigger tribute than taking a vow that we shall tread the path of Bapu – and walk , as far as possible ?
consumer nutrition appraisal
maintain hygiene and cleanliness
the “ fastag partner app  ” will facilitate more than 6000 dealers in the country to access a single platform and activate the ফাস তেগ at the time of delivery of vehicle .
gravitational energy is that energy held by an object in a gravitational field .
other specific types of diabetes also exist .
adolescence is a time of enormous changes in life – physical , psychological and social .
The leaders welcomed the holding of the 5th Global Conference on Cyberspace in New Delhi on 23-24 November .
The in principle approval is to take up the project under PPP model to reduce budgetary support of Government of India .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed an event to mark Swachh Bharat Diwas : the 3rd anniversary of the launch of Swachh Bharat Mission , and the conclusion of “Swachhata hi Seva ” fortnight .
a child is immunized by vaccines , which are injected or given by mouth .
any tool used to cut the cord should be cleaned , boiled or heated over a flame , and allowed to cool .
background
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of various drinking water schemes .
stocking  :
the baby feeds as often and for as long as she or he wants , including during the night , and is kept on the breast until she or he has finished suckling .
if you do use alcohol or other substances that can impair your judgement , avoid driving a car , motorcycle or bicycle while under their influence .
The Prime Minister complimented Sir Chhotu Ram’s vision .
Prime Minister highlighted India’s hugely successful space program and robust digital infrastructure being built in India .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , interacted with around 380 Directors and Deputy Secretaries working in various departments and Ministries in the Government of India , in four groups .
hydrogen fuel cells are capable of generating electricity of up to 65 percent efficiency .
deletion of name or correction , if required
however , all of them will prevent you from using your environment normally , and they will all ask you to do something before you can use your environment .
Subjects such as Governance , Corruption , Public Enterprises , Government e-Marketplace , Health , Education , Skill Development , Agriculture , Transportation , National Integration , Water Resources , Swachh Bharat , Culture , Communication , and Tourism came up for discussion during the interactions .
He appreciated the efforts of the State Government in the housing sector , and to ensure that more people get access to housing facilities .
in case of environment laws , startups which fall under the ‘ white category ’ ( as defined by the central pollution control board ( cpcb ) ) would be able to self-certify compliance and only random checks would be carried out in such cases .
check points for efficient transmission
applications can also be made to the local magistrate for grants of such ( reception ) orders .
Spreading negativity is fairly easy .
andhra pradesh and telangana , copyright infringement is bailable and non-cognizable .
sal seed
before putting the baby to the breast or feeding the baby breast milk ( or breast milk substitute ) from a cup , it helps to clear the baby 's nose if it is blocked with secretions .
government of india will also share maximum rs .7500 per fresher apprentice ( without any formal trade training ) as a cost of basic training with basic training providers .
While he was Chief Minister of Gujarat , he had inaugurated the memorial dedicated to Shyamji Krishna Varma in Kutch .
while non structural factors include loosely placed heavy objects such as almirahs , infestation of the campus by snakes and any other pests , broken or no boundary walls , uneven flooring , blocked evacuation routes , poorly designed and placed furniture that may cause accidents and injury , inadequate sanitation facilities etc .
collagen ( a protein ) , which is a cementing substance , forms the structure and framework of bones .
copy of front page of bank pass book or cancelled cheque ( which should contain details of the account holder/beneficiary )
note  : please read and follow the instructions including the guidelines for the e-filling of affidavits ( form-26 ) by the candidates for successful submission .
enter old mobile pin , new mobile pin and confirm .
blood tests provide helpful information in association with the history and physical examination in pursuing a diagnosis .
 . an infectious rabid animal may be healthy in appearance and behaviour for a period of time prior to the onset of clinical rabies .
insurance coverage for the benefit of the government employees with disabilities .
the bodies owned , controlled or substantially financed by the central government or a state government and non-government organisations substantially financed by the central government or a state government also fall within the definition of public authority .
ad-hoc grant
investing in national disaster management plan – non-structural measures
wards of those workers who ’ ve put in least 6 months of continuous service in the respective sectors .
Assured all possible help from the Centre .
the exhibition is exclusively devoted to information , case studies and material related to various aspects of climate change , the underlying science , impact , adaptation activities , mitigation solutions and policy approaches in a manner that is easy to understand and interesting , not just for school students , but also for the masses .
the minimum is about equal to 8 glasses ( one liter or one quart ) .
provides links to various websites and portals related to agriculture and allied sectors
after successful login , user selects the option of collect money ( request for payment )
While approving the project , the Cabinet has also stipulated that city bus services in Kanpur should be strengthened within one year of the approval of the Metro Project .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today dedicated the naval submarine INS Kalvari to the nation , at a function in Mumbai .
farmers to be covered
hearing impairment ( deaf and hard of hearing )
mission will be implemented as centrally sponsored scheme except for the component of credit linked subsidy which will be implemented as a central sector scheme .
all parents or other caregivers should follow the advice of a trained health worker on when to complete the required immunizations .
you need to enrol only once .
uttar pradesh and arunachal pradesh and meghalaya
click here to know the e-mail id of banking ombudsman
strong focus on the special needs of persons with disability , especially children and women
establish affiliations with private institutions to upgrade services  ;
36 white industries have been taken out from the requirement of environmental clearance .
disabilities covered
no risk of storing customer ’ s virtual address like in cards
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
The Prime Minister will address the gathering .
it will purchase intellectual property rights from patent holders
they should not reveal any sensitive or secret information . iv .
wind is the natural movement of air across the land or sea .
Following is the text of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s message on Earth Day :
decadal growth in rural population
advantages
floors and stairs covered with mud and debris can be slippery .
for meeting the skill needs of the industry and for enhancing employability of the youth , it is needed to attract more youth to it is by enhancing dignity of vocational training .
create a separate mail for such activity and use your primary mail for known persons
scope of the scheme
bank customers can submit complaint related to these banking services
The Prime Minister was informed about progress made in digitisation of the transport sector .
The Project will have non-fare box revenue from rental & advertisement as well as Value Capture Financing ( VCF ) through mechanism of Transit Oriented Development ( TOD ) and Transfer of Development Rights ( TDR ) .
such students whose parents ’ income is affected due to unfortunate death of one of earning parents and resultantly comes within the income ceiling prescribed under the scheme , shall become eligible for scholarship , subject to their fulfilling other conditions of eligibility , from the month in which such sad incidence takes place .
be a legal entity with a minimum registration of three years .
for about 15 % of these women , the complication can be potentially life threatening and will require immediate obstetric care .
enrollment only at one place .
download e-form , annexures/affidavits
all courses will be made available free of cost for learning .
all bachelor ’ s degree courses in medicine ( allopathic , indian and other recognized systems of medicines ) , engineering , technology , planning , architecture , design , fashion technology , agriculture , veterinary & allied sciences , management , business finance
being online ‘ friends ’ with someone is much less meaningful than face to face friendship .
intra-natal period
along with these , some tribal groups have some specific features such as dependency on hunting , gathering for food , having pre-agriculture level of technology , zero or negative growth of population and extremely low level of literacy .
rabies can be caused by bite or scratch of rabid animal such as dogs , cats etc
Addressing a public gathering at Aaure village on the outskirts of Varanasi , PM said that his Government is working on two fronts to give a boost to development .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today announced a landmark increase in remuneration for ASHA and Anganwadi workers .
He also noted that the day marks the birthdays of two Bharat Ratnas – Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya , and Former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee .
Thank you very much .
babies and young children grow , learn and develop rapidly when they receive love and affection , attention , encouragement and mental stimulation , as well as nutritious meals and good health care .
in order to facilitate access of all children in the country with respect to the right to education , it is important to ensure that children remain safe as they access and enjoy their right to education .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Morocco on cooperation in the area of Cyber Security .
grievances to be redressed within three weeks along with written reply
screen for night blindness to determine if the woman needs to be treated with vitamin a and , if necessary , prescribe vitamin a to protect the mother and promote the healthy development of the fetus
India and Argentina are complementary to each other in many ways .
The Prime Minister said Digital India , apart from facilitating people , is also bringing in transparency in government working , and curbing corruption .
The values and ideals of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose and INA were once again brought to the fore by PM in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , on 30 December 2018 .
if you work outside , use a hat or an umbrella and also use a damp cloth on your head , neck , face and limbs .
experimentation
in existing group ii courses
hand hygiene .
in order to promote startups , government shall exempt startups ( in the manufacturing sector ) from the criteria of “ prior experience/ turnover  ” without any relaxation in quality standards or technical parameters .
annual lighting emission reduction of 344 kg is equivalent to 34 additional trees
when germs that cause colds first infect the nose and sinuses , the nose makes clear mucus .
however , this would be under the overall umbrella of natural gas and no other scheme name/ tagline would be allowed without express approval of the ministry of petroleum and natural gas
half yearly social audit of the programme implementation by the gram sabha facilitated by the social audit units set up under gram panchayat .
Prime Minister said that Parliament represents the dreams and voice of 125 crore Indians .
use the telephone only for emergency calls .
a fun fact  : hydrogen is three times as powerful as gasoline and other fossil fuels .
configure these devices to scan for known bad domains , sources , and addresses  ; block these before receiving and downloading messages .
participate in events and job fairs
the tests will be conducted by the local telecom enforcement resource and monitoring filed unit of tarang sanchar and the test report will be provided to the requestor .
As a freedom fighter and veteran administrator , his service to India was impeccable .
4- Memorandum of Understanding between the BRICS Business Council and the New Development Bank on Strategic Cooperation
in existing group ii courses
migraine headaches affect children as well as adults .
use a torch .
anywhere anytime access
The Prime Minster , Shri Narendra Modi today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort on the 72nd Independence Day .
marital rape is usually not a crime
for more information about the scheme , click here
what are the symptoms of tension headaches  ?
“ make all public services accessible to the common man in his locality , through common service delivery outlets and ensure efficiency , transparency and reliability of such services at affordable costs to realize the basic needs of the common man .  ”
dress without help
accessing one stop centre
He explained how the Union Government began with the Jan Dhan Yojana , under which 34 crore bank accounts have been opened .
The Prime Minister said that it is alarming to see many youngsters getting addicted to substance abuse .
this corresponds to a potential of about 18 ,000 .
street drugs  :
the nose of a child with a cough or cold should be cleared often , especially before the child eats or goes to sleep .
homeowners ' policies may not cover flooding from a tsunami .
cucurbits mosaic
they may be a sign that brain cells are failing .
the upper floors of these hotels can provide a safe place to find refuge should there be a tsunami warning and you can not move quickly inland to higher ground .
however , nuclear emergencies can still arise due to factors beyond the control of the operating agencies  ; e .g . , human error , system failure , sabotage , earthquake , cyclone , flood , etc .
“The government is doing its best to provide all possible assistance to those affected .
Giving the examples of the Jan Dhan Yojana , the construction of toilets , and rural electrification , the Prime Minister said nothing is impossible in our country if we have a firm resolve .
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 977
30 days
it will provide an assured pension based on a guaranteed rate of return of 8 % per annum for ten years , with an option to opt for pension on a monthly / quarterly / halfyearly and annual basis .
it also helps the child understand different ways people behave .
the rashtriya swasthya bima yojna of the labour and employment ministry will be implemented by the ministry of health and family welfare .
on receipt of a duly filled up registration form , the department will process the details before registering .
national rural livelihoods project has been designed as a sub-set of panchayat raj to create ‘ proof of concept ’ , build capacities of the centre and states and create an enabling environment to facilitate all states and union territories to transit to the panchayat raj
and insect damage for all seeds except vegetatively propagating material for which lot shall be re-examined for seed standards specified for respective crop .
Implementation strategy
on the basis of these directive principles as well as international instruments , government is committed to regulate all economic activities for management of safety and health risks at workplaces and to provide measures so as to ensure safe and healthy working conditions for every working man and woman in the nation .
may suddenly have blurred or blackened vision , or may see double .
aim
kitchen and other activities involving use of fire shall be carried out in a secure and safe location away from the main school building .
PM visited the iconic Dal Lake and inspected the facilities there .
the fixed number of scholarships for minorities is small and limited .
primary headaches
poor have a strong desire to come out of poverty , and they have innate capabilities
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Swachh Shakti program first in 2017 at Gandhinagar , Gujarat .
sex during pregnancy
seed certification is carried out in six broad phases listed as under  :
it occupies an area of around 10
As per UNCTAD’s World Investment Report , India continues to be one of the top FDI destinations in the world .
bio gas from organic solid waste
right to information
infection is most often caused by prolonged labour or early rupture of the membranes .
The Prime Minister was briefed on the relief that has been received by the Jan Dhan account holders , as part of the insurance provisions that are linked to these accounts .
antibiotics are needed only if your healthcare provider tells you that you or your child has a bacterial infection .
the most notable amongst them are hyderabad in 2000 , ahmedabad in 2001 , delhi in 2002 and 2003 , chennai in 2004 , mumbai in 2005 , surat in 2006 , kolkata in 2007 , jamshedpur in 2008 , delhi in 2009 and guwahati and delhi in 2010 .
We pursue our relations through annual summits and 30 dialogue mechanisms .
From bigger budgets to better out-comes , and from mind-set change to monitoring , there is lots to be done .
send interview invites
the duties of subscribers are also enshrined in the said act .
The Prime Minister reaffirmed his Government’s determination to not leave anyone , or any part of the country behind , in the march towards development .
improving the forest coverage and green areas forest department and other concerned department improving the forest coverage and green area .
The Officer Trainees belong to 17 Civil Services , and 3 Services from the Royal Bhutan Civil Service .
provide nutritionally balanced feed .
liming
drafting an right to information application
if there is no community-wide refuse collection , each family needs a garbage pit where household refuse is buried or burned every day .
He said that the current Union Government had been elected on the mandate of Sabka Saath , Sabka Vikas .
the indiscriminate use of agro-chemicals including pesticides , agricultural machineries and equipment  ; industries with major accident risks  ;
the first and foremost step in promoting safety of learning spaces is to sensitize and strengthen official structures and mechanisms responsible for safety at the state , district and local levels .
A series of administrative reforms have significantly improved the business sentiment in the country .
it is environment friendly
postpartum danger signs  :
poke your hand with a needle many times
The Ministry has so far sanctioned 39 .4 lakh houses under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana ( Urban ) .
before describing what burns do to the body and what you can do to help before professional aid is available , here are a few things you must not do when these injuries occur .
Shri Narendra Modi also brought the Sabarmati Ashram , set up by Mahatma Gandhi in Ahmedabad , to the forefront of Indian diplomacy .
It is an integrated platform for purchases by government agencies .
the scholarship is initially awarded for two years and is renewable up to age of 20 years , subject to the awardee maintaining good progress .
Jan Bhagidari has to be appreciated , the Prime Minister said , adding that today , Swachhata Abhiyan has become a social movement .
identify points of contact in case of fraudulent issues  :
the nutrient value of farm compost can be increased by application of super phosphate or rock phosphate at 10 to 15 of raw material at the initial stage of filling the compost pit .
it is always better to leave one or two estrous cycle in case of the gilt and breeding may be done during the third cycle depending on the physical condition of the gilt .
in all public places and in waiting rooms , the toilets shall be wheel chair accessible .
anaemia is one of the key nutritional problems in adolescent girls .
He urged the Department of Commerce to work towards further expansion of GeM , and leverage it for the benefit of the country’s MSME sector .
PESO is a subordinate office under Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion ( DIPP ) .
also , each day may preferably start with the recap of the previous day ’ s sessions .
phishers have used images instead of text to make it harder for anti-phishing filters to detect text commonly used in phishing e-mails
cost norms and pattern of assistance
payment address is an address which uniquely identifies a person 's bank a/c .
all children , including those who are disabled , need to be vaccinated .
visiting unsafe , suspicious , or fake websites .
afterwards , hands should always be washed with soap and water .
they take in supplies , generate energy , construct equipment and get rid of waste .
it is important to empower girls to avoid early pregnancy and inform both girls and boys about the risks of early pregnancy as well as sexually transmitted infections , including hiv .
He said clusters will be formed of pharma MSMEs .
common units of energy
To promote research collaboration between DBT Research Institutes and AIST in the field of Life Science and Biotechnology
enriched social capital
there is no such thing as mild diabetes .
this is reason that the investigating agencies are finding the cyberspace to be an extremely difficult terrain .
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has worked to make the lives of common people better , and to promote ease of doing business .
constant monitoring and tracking of student progress with feedback to parents
This MoU would pave the way for systematic transfer of their expertise and knowhow in skilling the manpower specially in manufacturing sector .
based on the decision of the child , childline links the child to an appropriate organisation in the city .
applicants pursuing professional courses through correspondence /distance learning .
you must be aware of nuclear radiation hazard .
The scheme envisages Government of India to provide counter guarantee and interest equalization of 2 % to EXIM Bank to offer concessional finance to any foreign Govt . or foreign Govt . owned or controlled entity , if any Indian entity , succeeds in getting contract for the execution of a project .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Zimbabwe for cooperation in the field of geology , mining and mineral resources .
fresh applicant
maternal mortality ratio refers to the number of women who die as a result of complications of pregnancy or childbearing in a given year per 100 ,000 live births in that year .
for other categories of women , the maximum period of stay could be up to 3 years .
pandit deendayal upadhyay shramev jayate karyakram
where she has clearly shown she does n't want the attention
state disaster management authorities
at best , new school designs incorporate earthquake safety features in many areas  ; however floods , cyclones , landslides have been given little attention in design and costing of schools .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the negotiating stand of India at the 24th Conference of Parties ( COP ) to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) held in Katowice , Poland from 2-15 December 2018 .
indian coasts are highly vulnerable to tropical cyclones and consequent recurrent loss of life and property .
pradhan mantri kisan sampada yojana
a balanced and nutritious diet is essential for health .
maintain 14 hr light and 10 darkness schedule for layer .
a stroke can sometimes cause temporary or permanent disabilities , depending on how long the brain suffers a lack of blood flow and which part was affected .
older persons should be able to utilize appropriate levels of institutional care providing protection , rehabilitation and social and mental stimulation in a humane and secure environment .
picture yourself resting on the sand .
delay in referral
prerequisites to use bhim
welcome screen will appear asking you to enter you bank ’ s 3 letters short name or first 4 letters of mobile pin .
illegible scanned copies will be rejected .
antenatal care
the expenditure on fish culture is drastically reduced as the pig excreta acts as substitute to fish feed and pond fertilizer which accounts for 60 % of the input cost in fish culture .
jansankhya sthirata kosh-prerna strategy 3
national hydrogen energy road map suggested modifying and upgrading it later based on field experience in the country and new developments worldwide .
can accept municipal waste and night soil .
iv ) Maternal , child and neonatal health ;
unique identification card ( aadhar card )
households can be encouraged to build their own .
succession laws for the disabled
the immunizations should also be recorded and kept at the health clinic .
This event is in keeping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s vision of a New India by 2022 .
The Prime Minister mentioned some key themes of development such as the National Nutrition Mission , electrification of villages and development parameters in aspirational districts .
But it has been revived by the Prime Minister , especially through his speeches .
study tours
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Sao Tome and Principe on cooperation in the field of Medicinal Plants .
a minimum addition of 9 .0 sq .mt of carpet area to the existing house will be required to be eligible for central assistance under the ‘ beneficiary led construction ’ component of the housing mission .
The Prime Minister also spoke of the 10 health and wellness centres inaugurated today .
It will motivate and boost the morale the Executives of Hydro CPSEs ,
It will produce 251 Million Units of electrical energy every year , and boost the socio-economic development of the State .
increasing trend of urban flooding is a universal phenomenon and poses a great challenge to urban planners the world over .
through the watershed plus approach , support improved equity , livelihoods , and incomes through forward linkages , on a platform of inclusiveness and local participation .
locking out accounts after ' n ' number of incorrect login attempts .
take precautions to prevent flooding .
The Prime Minister has emphasized the importance of innovation and technology for the progress and development of the nation .
harvest rainwater
“Happy Makar Sankranti to everyone!
He will launch NNM- ICDS Common Application Software .
in most countries , oral rehydration salts packets are available from health centres , pharmacies , markets and shops .
fowl pox vaccine
The other infrastructure facilities like building and training hostel are being established .
people close to the comatose patient should give doctors as much information as possible to help the doctors determine the cause of coma .
a team to be constituted by district collector for verification of 10 % of total cases and verified list sent to prerna scheme .
chandigarh and dadra and nagar haveli
further the industry is averse to participate because the scheme is not viable for the small industries .
look for fire hazards .
no impact on electricity tariffs
the perennial ponds which retain water throughout the year are selected for culture of table fish .
• All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS ) , Deoghar
check – up should be responsible for transporting the collected sample , conveying the results to the pregnant women and appropriate follow up .
abnormal posture with flexed arms and straight legs backflow of food material into the nose ( nasal regurgitation )
ensuring food security and minimizing risks from crop failure through supplementary/ residual production systems  ;
clean and dry bedding material preferably of dry paddy straw/hay has to be provided in the pen .
keeping the household and nearby areas clean and free of faeces , refuse and waste water can help prevent disease
maize , bhendi - 99 %
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of theMemorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) signed with the Federal Transport Authority – Land & Maritime of the United Arab Emirates on Technical Cooperation in Rail Sector .
explaining concept of equity and common but differential responsibility , kyoto protocol & other key outcomes of major climate change , etc .
engine should be fitted with an oil filter .
that the government shall take steps , by suitable legislation or in any other way , to secure the participation of employee in the management of undertakings , establishments or other organisations engaged in any industry .
the names of eligible electors ordinarily residing in an assembly constituency , are enlisted in the voters list by the registering authority , these lists are called electoral roll of that constituency .
The Prime Minister described the public meeting in Daman as a historic event not only in terms of the number of people who have joined him but also in terms of the development projects being launched from there .
the rehabilitation council of india , 1992
high priority areas – at least 60 % of pradhan mantri khanij kshetra kalyan yojana funds to be utilized under these heads  :
iv . Enable DPI and Quick response ( QR ) code-based payment acceptance ; and
Following is the text of the Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Nepal .
use a whistle if one is available .
three innovation awards will be given per state and union territory , along with three national awards , as well as a grand innovation challenge award for finding ultra-low cost solutions for india .
nervous disorders , such as twisted necks , may occur in a few birds .
hence older people may react and do tasks somewhat more slowly
section officer , 210 , iind , block , puratatva bhawan , complex , new delhi-110023 . phone  : ( 011 ) -24642165 .
In Manipur , Prime Minister will inaugurate and lay foundation stones for several projects and schemes .
linking is protocol agnostic and hence allows innovative mechanisms between merchant/proximity devices to send intent to customer phone .
educate the customer about basic functionalities and security best practices .
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Sarvottam Cattle Feed Plant of Shree Bhavnagar District Cooperative Milk Producers Union Ltd .
black rot may show up in eggs ( the organism is passed in the egg ) .
choosing lean cuts of white meat , poultry and seafood instead of processed meat or red meat .
PM said “Numaligarh will be the largest among 12 bio refineries to be built across India ” .
clean the reproductive parts before and after the sexual activity .
under the designs act , 1911 which deals with the law relating to the protection of designs any person having jurisdiction in respect of the property of a disabled person ( who is incapable of making any statement or doing anything required to be done under this act ) may be appointed by the court under section 74 , to make such statement or do such thing in the name and on behalf of the person subject to the disability .
The two leaders held in depth discussions on major international issues .
the cost of manpower is relatively low as compared to other countries .
osteoporosis mainly affects women , although it also affects men , but in a smaller percentage .
do not smoke and do not light matches or use a cigarette lighter .
constipation describes a change in bowel habits , to one in which stool amount is decreased , hard , decreased in frequency , or there is excessive straining during defecation .
it is also safe to immunize a child who has a disability or is malnourished .
discussing tsunamis ahead of time will help reduce fear and save precious time in an emergency .
if the female does not conceive , it will repeat its heat symptoms after 21 days .
Mr . Osvaldo Calzetta Larrieu , President of CNEA
Noida mainly has road linkages with Delhi and the adjoining areas of Uttar Pradesh and Haryana State .
MOU between the Foreign Service Institute of the Ministry of External Affairs of the Republic of India and the Department of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles
you can choose any one of the following  : -
raising complaint from mobile app directly .
if visitor is earlier registered at least once with this evisitor , he / she can refer his / her old registration number , mobile number or personal details for quick registration of his / her current visit at the reception counter .
all burns to children and the elderly must be taken seriously .
common conditions in older age include hearing loss , cataracts and refractive errors , back and neck pain and osteoarthritis , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , diabetes , depression , and dementia .
Dr . Harsh Vardhan , Minister of Science and Technology , India
The Prime Minister underscored the efforts towards self-reliance in the agriculture sector .
Prime minister Modi extended an invitation to President Solih to make a State Visit to India at his earliest convenience .
Later , the Prime Minister will meet business leaders and captains of industry , for a discussion on issues such as economic growth , infrastructure development , policy initiatives , investment , innovation and job creation .
WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty came in force on May 20 , 2002 and has 96 contracting parties as its members .
adult worms live in human intestines for food and survival where they produce thousands of eggs each day .
organising drama ( s ) of partner state in the educational institutions .
The Prime Minister will unveil the plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of AIIMS , Vijaypur and AIIMS , Awantipora .
one stop centres are intended to support women affected by violence , in private and public spaces , within the family , community and at the workplace .
The Prime Minister reviewed the flood situation during a meeting with Shri PinarayiVijayan , the Chief Minister of Kerala , and officials of the State Government .
however , if the loan proposal is linked some government scheme , wherein the government is providing capital subsidy , it will be eligible under pradhan mantri mudra yojana also .
the protection is greatest when breast milk alone is given for the first six months and when breastfeeding continues along with other foods well into the second year and beyond .
The MoU will be signed during the visit of President of Uzbekistan to India on 1st October 2018 .
prime minister 's scholarship scheme for central armed police forces & assam rifles
advocacy and easy access to entrepreneurship support network and promoting social enterprises for inclusive growth .
non-adherence to the provisions of the fair practices code for lenders as adopted by the bank or code of bank ’ s commitment to customers , as the case may be ,
this gold will then earn interest based on gold weight and also the appreciation of the metal value .
Central University of Kashmir , Srinagar
in terminal stages , the birds are emaciated with pale , scaly combs and greenish diarrhea .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , interacted with students , teachers and parents , as part of Pariksha Pe Charcha 2 .0 at Talkatora Stadium , New Delhi .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today chaired his twenty-ninth interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based , multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , attended the CPSE Conclave at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi today .
Over 100 beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana , from across the country , today interacted with Prime Minister Narendra Modi , at his residence .
furthermore , as people age , they are more likely to experience several conditions at the same time .
explore objects with hands and mouth
The Prime Minister said India is fully alert with regard to its global , strategic and economic interests in the Indian Ocean .
also called as aspartoacylase deficiency
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh tomorrow on 24 February 2019 .
the objective of pradhan mantri kisan sampada yojana is to supplement agriculture , modernize processing and decrease agri-waste .
women with severe anemia or those who have breathlessness and tachycardia ( increased heart rate ) due to anemia , should be started on the therapeutic dose of iron-folic acid and also referred to the doctor for further management .
about national urban health mission
He also reviewed the programme for End-to-End Computerization of Targeted PDS Operations .
these clusters once developed can then be classified as 'rurban ' .
with prompt diagnosis and effective treatment , adolescents with many mental health problems can get back to good health and to productive lives .
From UN Security Council to Multilateral Export Control Regimes , India and Netherlands have had very good and close cooperation and coordination .
During the visit , Prime Minister Rasmussen will inaugurate the Danish Cultural Institute and the new building of Danish Embassy in New Delhi on 19 January 2019 .
integrity with a complete audit trail
H .E . Kim Hyun-chong , Minister for Trade , Industry & Energy
The Prime Minister spoke about the benefits of Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Maan-Dhan Yojana .
Beyond East and Southeast Asia , our partnerships are strong and growing .
He said the implementation of schemes such as PM Awas Yojana , Ujjwala Yojana , Saubhagya Yojana and construction of toilets , in Amethi , is now bringing ease of living to the people .
it shall come into force on such date as the central government may , by notification in the official gazette appoint  ; and different dates may be appointed for different provisions of this act and for different states , and any reference to commencement in any provision of this act in relation to any state shall be construed as a reference to the commencement of that provision in that state .
induced effect of natural calamities
no , once the payment is initiated , it can not be stopped .
listen to the child
He also spoke of the financial inclusion initiatives of the Union Government .
annual lighting emission reduction of 197 kg is equivalent to 19 additional trees
biofuels are predominantly produced from biomass feed stocks or as a by-product from the industrial processing of agricultural or food products , or from the recovery and reprocessing of products such as cooking and vegetable oil .
cobblers
if a trained health worker provides antibiotics to treat the pneumonia , it is important to follow the instructions and give the child all the medicine for as long as the instructions say , even if the child seems better .
the subcontinent with a long coastline of 8041 kilometres is exposed to nearly 10 per cent of the world ’ s tropical cyclones .
On the occasion of International Women’s Day today , the Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , launched the National Nutrition Mission , and expansion of the coverage of Beti Bachao Beti Padhao programme , at Jhunjhunu in Rajasthan .
Mr . Salahuddin Rabbani , Minister of Foreign Affairs of Afghanistan , called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon .
To bring forth Innovative Ideas , programmes like Smart India Hackathon are also being implemented .
mahila e-haat shall reserve all rights to select the products/services to be listed on e-haat .
Agra Metro Rail Project will have 2 corridors which will pass through heart of the city and will connect prominent tourist places including Taj Mahal , Agra Fort and Sikandra as well as ISBT , Raja Ki Mandi Railway Station , Medical College , Agra Cant Railway Station , Collectorate , Sanjay Place and surrounding densely populated residential areas .
subjects/fields in which scholarships can be awarded
situation
Vande Bharat Express has 16 air-conditioned coaches of which 2 are executive class coaches .
The Prime Minister said that the Government is focused on providing affordable healthcare for the poor .
no separate registration required .
functions and responsibilities
accordingly , scholarship availed by girls of same parents/guardian will not adversely affect admissibility of availing scholarship upto two boys of same parents/guardian .
the minimum pension for employees has been introduced first time so that employees ’ pension is not less than rs . 1000 per month .
The grid is part of Government’s plan to provide cheap and quality gas to the entire North East Region .
the milk is then left to cool in a clean , covered container before it is fed to the baby by cup .
2 . Megacity Policing and Sharing of Information among Federal state and Local Partners ,
aadhaar will also demand proper verification prior to enrollment , while ensuring inclusion .
participation in exhibition and other marketing events
if the ceiling is wet shut off electricity .
possible complications  :
It represents the drive towards technology-centric , and environment-friendly mass rapid urban transport systems .
consistently acting out or misbehaving
ducks keep water plants in check .
· Meeting of BRICS Bond Fund ( BBF ) Working Group – 17 to 20 March ( Buenos Aires )
central sector scheme for rehabilitation of bonded labourer-2016
MoU on Cooperation for Prevention of Human Trafficking .
In turn , Singapore has embraced you , your merit and your hard work .
( VI ) Agreement for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to join the International Solar Alliance ( ISA ) launched by Honourable Prime Minister Modi .
The Prime Minister shall then arrive in Rajkot .
The MoC was signed on 29th October 2018 during the visit of Hon’ble Prime Minister of India to Japan .
The Prime Minister will launch Tuberculosis Free India Campaign on this occasion .
The Prime Minister said that India once had well planned urban spaces .
The two leaders will deliver statements to the media .
one has to proportionally divide and put the required amount of poultry litter over the coir pith .
The Minister conveyed to Prime Minister Modi , greetings from President Sisi of Egypt .
high blood pressure is the most common cause of this type of hemorrhagic stroke .
student helpline services to clarify doubts , monitor student learning and support technology
And , we are walking the talk in this regard .
the scheme envisages grant of 10 ,000 scholarships to students from north east region whose parental income is below rs . 4 .5 lakh per annum and would be provided scholarship ranging from rs . 3 ,500 to 5 ,000 per month for studying at under graduate level in colleges/universities of the country .
City Gas Distribution Project at Dharwad will be dedicated cto the nation on this occasion . .
states will make the payment towards cost of basic training to basic training providers through their bank account .
material required
He said States should formulate policies that promote corporate investment in areas such as warehousing , transportation , value addition and food processing etc .
treatment - there is no effective treatment .
once you fill up the details , website will redirect to complain form .
they may show a lack of fear , be aggressive , seem disoriented , paralyzed or partially paralyzed ( particularly in the hind quarters ) , and salivate excessively , or they may show none of these symptoms
Government Medical College Upgradation Projects
a multi-pronged strategy will be adopted for the campaign with key components as ( a ) leadership endorsements of the campaign ,
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today inaugurated the Rajasva Gyan Sangam at New Delhi , and addressed the tax administrators of both the Union and State Governments .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with the members of Self Help Groups from across the country and beneficiaries of Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana , through video bridge .
The Prime Minister said that in a way , India’s cultural heritage holds the answers to all global problems .
Therefore , the Payment of Gratuity Act , 1972 is an important social security legislation to wage earning population in industries , factories and establishments .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Marshal of the Indian Air Force Arjan Singh .
Number of patents registered has also seen a three-fold increase compared to the previous government .
The MoU was signed in New Delhi on 9th July 2018 during the visit of the President of South Korea to India .
send for your doctor immediately or arrange for an ambulance to take the causality to hospital .
And whether it is the state governments or the centre or whether these are the local bodies of self-rule , we all have to work together .
violence and abuse are unacceptable at any time .
in this type of stroke , bleeding starts in an artery on or near the surface of the brain and spills into the space between the surface of brain and your skull .
marek ’ s disease is a type of avian cancer .
holding of mahila gram sabhas before every gram sabha
the formulation of policy , priorities and strategies in occupational safety , health and environment at work places , is undertaken by national authorities in consultation with social partners for fulfilling such objectives .
Mr . Odinga also warmly recalled his earlier visits to India in 2009 and 2012 .
One sector is physical infrastructure relating to water supply , power , connectivity and especially projects promoting tourism .
welcome screen will appear asking you to enter your bank ’ s 3 letters short name or first 4 letters of mobile pin .
now replace s with $ and h with #
it also helps you in availing benefits offered by various government schemes
the scheme will be in operation for a period of 3 years and the government of india will continue to pay the 8 .33 % contribution to be made by the employer for the next 3 years .
sources and pattern of water supply ( individual / public ) .
the factors essential for healthy bones are  :
interest subvention for short term crop loans
Overall , India’s long-term interests have been protected .
search & shortlist candidates specific to sector , trades , region etc .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has strongly condemned the horrific blasts in Sri Lanka .
Now the numbers has doubled and grown to 7 .25 crores .
create a unique password for digital wallet  :
fan the person
please cooperate with disaster survey team by giving correct information .
it can be recognized by painful sensations , darker areas of skin , or red skin .
exposure to smoke can harm a child , even before birth .
for improving the quality of life in society , india has embarked upon a large programme of using nuclear energy for generation of electricity .
an abnormal reflex commonly called babinski ’ s sign ( the large toe extends upward as the sole of the foot is stimulated in a certain way ) also indicates upper motor neuron damage .
if cut is deep , get to a doctor as quickly as possible .
He has been in public life for 50 years- 10 years in student politics and 40 years in state as well as national politics , the Prime Minister added .
in view of the growth in transactions and communications carried out through electronic records , the act seeks to empower government departments to accept filing , creating and retention of official documents in the digital format .
keep a battery operated ready for the night .
The break up is as follows :-
voice phishing ( vishing ) is one type of attack as you may receive an e-mail or get a pre recorded voice message ( from either from bank or some financial institution ) informing you that a large transaction which you never performed and basically held up .
the woman and her family members should be aware of the nearest health facility both the phc where 24 hour functioning emergency obstetric care services are available and the fru , where facilities for a blood transfusion and surgery are available .
to supplement training by providing opportunities to earn and learn through apprenticeships .
Our Space Program provides an impetus to the children to think big and reach across those boundaries , which were considered impossible till today .
• This MoU shall enable pursuing the following potential interest areas of cooperation such as , remote sensing of the earth ; satellite communication and satellite based navigation ; Space science and planetary exploration ; use of spacecraft and space systems and ground system ; and application of space technology .
counselors ,
“ housing for all  ” mission for urban area is being implemented during 2015-2022 and this mission will provide central assistance to implementing agencies through states for providing houses to all eligible families/beneficiaries by 2022 .
overweight
even muddy river waters indicate landslides upstream .
The world has for too long seen prices on a roller-coaster .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today inaugurated a new Airport Complex , and an Integrated Command and Control Centre for the Kumbh Mela , at Prayagraj .
the mother may need guidance on how to reduce and eliminate other fluids and to increase and give only breast milk .
if one is healthy , the blood vessels are muscular and elastic .
the mobile operator deactivates the genuine e-wallets card , which was blocked , and issues a new sim to the fraudster who then generates one-time passwords using stolen information .
ensure good suckling while breastfeeding
before giving the formula to the baby , the mother , father or other caregiver must make sure it is not too hot .
all india skill competition
infections appear in three forms - septicemia ( acute ) , arthritic ( chronic ) and bumblefoot .
no other component of expenditure will be admissible for courses under the scheme .
Smart Street Lighting will make our streets safer and citizen friendly .
pound the kernel gently and tie it loosely with a cotton cloth .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his wishes on National maritime Day .
the student obtaining benefits under this scholarship scheme shall not be allowed to avail of benefits under any other scholarship scheme implemented by state government/ut administration , for the same purpose .
loss of tissue in the optic nerve of the eye ( optic atrophy )
`` myo '' refers to muscle , and `` trophic '' means nourishment– '' no muscle nourishment . ''
dispose the kitchen waste properly .
they should ensure that children are sensitized about the pros and cons of the internet from time to time .
Welcoming the delegates to the Conference , the Prime Minister said that while many people may have left India over the course of hundreds of years , India continues to have a place in their minds and hearts .
instilling dignity of labour and the spirit of community service and voluntarism
the land for construction of godown should be plain , in one contiguous plot , free from live overhead power transmission or telephone lines .
the governor may make rules prescribing or regulating
the girl ’ s marriage should be 19 years ( not 18 ) and the first child should be born when the mother ’ s age is more than 21 years .
He also mentioned the Mudra Yojana , for collateral-free loans to entrepreneurs .
Rajasthan will always support the efforts of the Prime Minister towards women empowerment , she added .
faculty improvements
Through video link , PM will flag off the Bandra- Jamnagar Humsafar Express
He recalled that former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee , had a special bond with the State .
lack of interest and concentration
identification of jobs
hands should be thoroughly washed with soap and water or a substitute , such as ash and water , after defecating and after contact with faeces , and before touching or preparing food or feeding children .
broadly , the aims of the ministry of rural development are  :
allow refrigerated food to come to room temperature before heating it
submit complaint application to concerned officer
third dose  :
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the President of India Shri Ram Nath Kovind on completion of one year in office .
The completion and dedication of the 60 Mega-Watt Tuirial Hydro-power Project .
`` disaster '' means a catastrophe , mishap , calamity or grave occurrence in any area , arising from natural or manmade causes , or by accident or negligence which results in substantial loss of life or human suffering or damage to , and destruction of , property , or damage to , or degradation of , environment , and is of such a nature or magnitude as to be beyond the coping capacity of the community of the affected area  ;
national urban health mission flexipool
about unified payment interface
the animation movie reassures the child that whatever has happened to him/her is not his/her fault and she/he need not feel guilty and that protection of children from sexual offences is a friend which will help her .
Noida is now known for development and creating employment opportunities for youth , PM said .He added that Noida is being developed as the Make in India hub of the nation .
It is India’s youth that is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights , the Prime Minister said .
user logs in to application
use a stick to poke through debris .
both type 1 and type 2 diabetes are serious .
01 .01 .1997 shall not be regularized .
biological nitrogen harvest planting ( gliricidia , sesbania , etc ) @ rs . 2000/acre x 50 acre
The Prime Minister also conveyed his good wishes for the strengthening of democracy , peace and prosperity in Maldives under the leadership of Mr Solih .
you can have your own payment address by visiting the profile section to configure an additional payment address .
if required , services may be made available in a family planning mode and expenditure booked under pradhan mantri surakshit matritva abhiyan .
He reiterated the government’s commitment towards ensuring Ease of Living for all the citizens of the country .
no , you can not employ children under 14 .
you should avoid building or living in buildings within 200 meters of the high tide coastline .
absence of periods
Governor of Bihar , Laljee Tandon , Chief Minister Nitish Kumar , Deputy Chief Minister Sushil Modi Union Minister of Food and Consumer Affairs Ramvilas Paswan along with several other dignitaries were present on this occasion .
the baby should receive hepatitis vaccinations preferably before discharge from the health facility .
an area specific vaccination schedule as recommended by hatchery doctor must be practised with utmost care .
non-payment or inordinate delay in the payment or collection of cheques , drafts , bills etc .
causes of epilepsy
share this knowledge with your relatives and friends .
The Prime Minister said that the various schemes initiated by the Union Government like Ayushman Bharat , Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana , Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana , PM Awas Yojana , Ujjwala Yojana , Saubhagya Yojana , and Swacch Bharat specifically target those working in unorganized sector .
equity/margin money contribution for acquisition/establishment of infrastructure ( including machine & equipment ) in group , entrepreneurship projects .
To further promote bilateral cooperation , they decided on the following India-Sweden Joint Action Plan , under which India and Sweden , through relevant ministries , agencies and actors , aim to :
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has called upon everyone to become a part of ‘Swachhata Hi Seva Movement’ .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Morocco on cooperation in the field of water resources .
format of the letter of support from any incubator which is funded from government of india or any state government
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are marked by broad understanding on issues of mutual interest .
It would also provide swifter connectivity between Delhi and Ghazipur , he added .
the digital police portal is a smart policing initiative of ministry of home affairs to provide services to citizens and aid efficient police investigations .
do not download any applications , software from unknown service
the act replaces the persons with disabilities ( equal opportunities , protection of rights and full participation ) act , 1995 .
enable pathways for transitioning between the vocational training system and the formal education system , through a credit transfer system .
food & essential supplies
chemical disasters may be traumatic in their impacts on human beings and have resulted in the casualties and also damages nature and property .
calendar of activity
We are proud to host Singapore’s Army and Air Force for training in India .
the practical hours may be utilized for hands on exercise in the lab sites , experiments , class room exercises , software simulations if any , and to conduct the regular quizzes/class test and industrial visits .
recognizing this , the government of india has considered the hazard risk mitigation approach through short term and long term measures , which lay greater emphasis on prevention , preparedness and mitigation .
In a major boost to public transport infrastructure in NOIDA , the Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved extension of Delhi Metro corridor from Noida City Centre to Sector-62 , Noida Uttar Pradesh covering a length of 6 .675 k .m . at the total completion cost of Rs .1 ,967 crores .
pregnant & lactating mothers
the heavy water from around the nuclear core is sent to another section of the power plant .
Objectives of the Agriculture Export Policy are as under :
hopelessness , sadness and anxiety  ;
sowa-rigpa is based on the principles of jung-wa-nga ( skt  : panchamahabhutas ) and ngepa-sum ( skt  : tridosa ) .
He said the Union Government’s Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Scheme would help reduce wastage in the agriculture sector .
normal blood pressure is below 120/80  ; blood pressure between 120/80 and 139/89 is called `` pre–hypertension '' , and a blood pressure of 140/90 or above is considered high .
all children in the age-group of 3-6 should be enrolled in , and regularly attend the anganwadi .
cashless payment
ii ) closest designated location
sunburn
best results may be secured by feeding 5 - 6 times a day for the first few weeks and thereafter the frequency may gradually be reduced to 2 - 3 times .
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in the working of the Pradhan Mantri Khanij Kshetra Kalyan Yojana , especially in the working of the District Mineral Foundations .
coverage
startup india is a flagship initiative of the government of india , intended to build a strong eco-system for nurturing innovation and startups in the country that will drive sustainable economic growth and generate large scale employment opportunities .
minimum seed certification standards have been evolved crop-wise .
when a woman is pregnant , violence is very dangerous to both the woman and her pregnancy .
make sure age appropriateness of an online activity before joining .
the burnt clothing will have been made sterile and is best left alone .
high blood glucose during pregnancy can lead to the foetus putting on excess weight .
The net national GHG emissions after including LULUCF were 23 ,06 ,295 Gg COa equivalent ( around 2 .306 billion tonnes of CO2 equivalent ) .
( if you have any comments / suggestions on the above content , please post them here )
the following should include as directly affected persons  :
having a tap on the water container
loose clothes made of light cotton are ideal .
The Prime Minister said the Statue of Unity would be a fitting tribute to Sardar Patel , and would draw tourists from all over .
the ultimate profit or loss in a farm can only be found out by keeping proper records in the farm which includes data sheet of individual animal , total stock of animals , feed register , expenditure statement etc .
It is dedicated to the development of all .
depression
what is the importance of cyberlaw  ?
first appeal form
if according to the regulations of a university /institution , a student is promoted to the next higher class even though he/she may not have actually passed in lower class and is required to take examination of the junior class again after sometime , he/she will be entitled to scholarship for the class to which he/she is promoted if the student is otherwise eligible for scholarship .
Members of the BRICS Business Council
Through ‘Mann Ki Baat’ , I once again have been blessed with the opportunity to be face-to-face with you .
many lawyers provide poor and underprivileged clients with valuable legal advice and support without seeking any professional fee .
cybercrime refers to all the activities done with criminal intent in cyberspace .
the scheme replaces the swavalamban yojana / lite scheme .
you should continue using a weather radio or staying tuned to a coast guard emergency frequency station or a local radio or television station for updated emergency information .
high fever
lymph gland swelling
this section gives the details about online citizen services and various related useful link information with a brief introduction .
the ugc has launched a special scholarship scheme for students of north east region from the academic session 2014-15 .
terms and conditions including eligibility may be changed at anytime at the sole discretion of mahila e-haat .
the bank may require you to fill a form as well .
duration and course
provision of services during pradhan mantri surakshit matritva abhiyan
it is not economical to buy composted coir pith and put in the farm for large areas .
with careful planning and adoption of simplified and standardized designs , installations are becoming increasingly competitive with thermal , diesel or gas based power generation .
This event is being organized jointly by UGC , AICTE , ICSSR , IGNCA , IGNOU , JNU and SGT University .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of Delhi Metro corridor from Dilshad Garden to New Bus Adda Ghaziabad .
the development cycle of tropical cyclones may be divided into three stages  :
washing hands with soap and water after handling poultry or poultry products , after touching eggs and raw meat , and after cleaning the place where poultry is kept can also help prevent the spread of germs and avian influenza ( bird flu ) .
these villages should , inter alia , satisfy the following norms  :
such families may avail of central assistance of rs . 1 .5 lakh and should be part of economically weaker .
development of data base for planning sustainable development of wastelands
Prime Minister Netanyahu and Prime Minister Modi will also visit the Centre of Excellence for Vegetables at Vadrad in Banaskantha district .
requirements for getting online appointment
information , disclosure of which would prejudicially affect the sovereignty and integrity of india , the security , strategic , scientific or economic interests of the state , relation with foreign state or lead to incitement of an offence
avoid smoking and excessive alcohol .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post-facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Iran for cooperation in the field of agriculture and allied sectors .
diarrhoea medicines are generally ineffective and can be harmful .
differently-abled children
the results of the test will be uploaded alongside the profile of the job seeker .
you can file a case there depending on 2 factors  :
In Delhi , the Prime Minister has inaugurated the Sardar Patel Gallery at the National Science Centre .
blood transfusion can be lifesaving in such , cases .
during the distribution , replacements can be done through any of the light-emitting diode distribution counters that would be operating within the city .
remove water from coolers from time to time .
the compliances would be reportable in single harmonized form which will make it simple and easy for those filing such forms .
preparation by ensuring prevention measures  : -
all poultry and poultry products should be cooked the whole way through to prevent the spread of avian influenza ( bird flu ) .
wherever malaria is common , they should prevent malaria by taking antimalarial tablets recommended by a trained health worker and by sleeping under an insecticide-treated mosquito net .
He expressed hope that the government will reach the target of 100% rural road connectivity soon .
In this context , he mentioned the various development oriented initiatives of the Government like Ayushman Bharat , Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Pradhan Mantri Awaaz Yojana .
The Prime Minister said that the Government is also making it easier for people to buy houses , through tax and other incentives .
motor neurons reach from the brain to the spinal cord and from the spinal cord to the muscles throughout the body .
organising national/ state specific quiz competitions in various languages on radio / ek bharat shreshtha bharat website .
this is generally known as quickening and usually takes place between 17 and 20 weeks .
Noting that the Dr . Ambedkar International Centre for Socio Economic Transformation is also part of this project , the Prime Minister said that this will be an important centre for research on social and economic issues .
seizures
Both Prime Ministers called for greater unity and stronger international partnership to counter terrorism , disrupt terrorist networks and financing , and to prevent violent extremism .
phishing is typically carried out by e-mail or instant messaging , and it often directs users to enter details at a fake website whose look and feel are almost identical to the legitimate one .
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of the entrepreneurs who have made good use of the Mudra Loans .
The Prime Minister said that the medical college for which the Foundation Stone has been laid will provide the region with modern healthcare amenities .
the pension payment shall be through aadhaar enabled payment system .
consult a dentist for regular cleaning of your teeth .
Ms . Rakiya Edderham , Secretary of State in charge of Foreign Trade in the Ministry of Industry , Investment , Trade and Digital Economy of the Kingdom of Morocco called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today .
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Netanyahu will inaugurate the iCreate Center at Deo Dholera Village in Ahmedabad .
birth preparedness and complication readiness
( 3 ) the bottles and teats are not cleaned properly .
massive online open courses shall be developed and leveraged for e-education .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for introduction of Bill in Parliament for amendment of NID Act , 2014 to include the four new National Institutes of Design ( NID ) viz .
this type of stroke occurs when a blood clot forms in one of the arteries that supply blood to brain .
for gmail , the process to block people from sending you mails is simple and can be accessed here .
from the time you register your domain name , to the time you set up your web site , to the time you promote your website , to the time when you send and receive emails , to the time you conduct electronic commerce transactions on the said site , at every point of time , there are various cyberlaw issues involved .
to improve participation of students with disabilities in classes ix and x and at the pre-matric stage of education .
( 1 ) a two-year space between the birth of the last child and the beginning of the next pregnancy and
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his grief on loss of lives in road accident in Bihar .
charge per transaction
if the malaria symptoms continue after treatment , the child should be taken to a health centre or hospital . the problem may be  :
The Prime Minister appreciated and congratulated the award winners for their achievements .
increases growth and weight gain
if you clicked `` yes '' , then the system seeks inputs on `` if yes , whether 30 days are over form the lodgement of complaint to the bank or not satisfied with bank 's reply  ?  ” .
because of wider carbon and nitrogen ratio and lower biodegradability due to high lignin content , coir pith is still not considered as a good carbon source for use in agriculture .
Government of India launched a new policy regime for Exploration & Production ( E&P ) sector namely Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing Policy ( HELP ) in 2016 which is paradigm shift from earlier policy regime .
the national trust for welfare of persons with autism , cerebral palsy , mental retardation and multiple disabilities act , 1999
Our Government has already given approval to establish third LIGO detector in the country .
smoking , alcohol , drugs , poisons and pollutants are particularly harmful to pregnant women , the developing fetus , babies and young children .
in case of joint account , the first name should be of the scholar .
Central University of Tamil Nadu , Thiruvarur
However , India is more than just us politicians .
reflux with vomiting
Usually , the months of July and August are very important for farmers and the youth .
The Defence Procurement Procedure has also been revised , with many specific provisions for stimulating the growth of domestic defence industry .
symptom of a medical illness
Taking her to newer heights with her inner strengths .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today laid the foundation stone for Vanijya Bhawan , a new office complex for the Union Government’s Department of Commerce , at New Delhi .
such belts can slip or snap anytime , causing loss in the transmission of power and hence increased fuel consumption .
It also requires regular clarifications and frequent amendments in the existing regulations governing financial activities in IFSCs .
He was an effective voice for Karnataka’s aspirations in Delhi .
many parents do not take a child to be immunized because the child has a fever , cough , cold , diarrhoea or some other illness .
emerging forms of forced labour and traffic in human beings , especially of children and other disadvantaged sections of society , require a holistic approach for law enforcement as well as comprehensive rehabilitation mechanism for social , psychological , educational and economic rehabilitation .
Buddha Purnima is a special day for every Indian .
for entry 14 , the following entry shall be substituted , namely :-
but , there are many treatment options or surgical procedures or drug therapy that can reduce the effect of parkinson ’ s disease .
eye disease ( diabetic retinopathy )  :
housing and temporary shelters
state governments shall be required to concentrate their efforts on the following activities  :
accredited social health activist will be chosen through a rigorous process of selection involving various community groups , self-help groups , anganwadi institutions , the block nodal officer , district nodal officer , the village health committee and the gram sabha .
conduct week-long series on locating hazards in the home .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Deepak Lather on winning a bronze in Weightlifting at Commonwealth Games .
registering complaints
the beneficiary would be facilitated to avail loan of up to rs .70 ,000/- for construction of the house which is optional .
The recurring cost on these Institutions shall be met through Grant-in-Aid to them from Plan Budget Head of PMSSY of Ministry of Health and Family Welfare .
who can be a facilitator
children with worms are often underweight and have stunted growth .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a telephone call today to H . E . Mr . Xi Jinping , President of the People’s Republic of China , to congratulate him on his re-election as the President of the People’s Republic of China .
The Prime Minister reviewed a photo exhibit showcasing flood tolerant rice varieties ; drought tolerant rice varieties ; salinity tolerant rice varieties ; and IRRI’s work with women farming cooperatives .
online registration system is being implemented in hospitals where counter based out patient department registration and appointment system through hospital management information system has been digitized .
to ensure international mobility of skilled workers in the country
rigorous monitoring & evaluation against standards ,
The strength of the Indian passport has multiplied manifold .
never pull away burnt clothing stuck to the body
green leafy vegetables and other vegetables ,
a public interface where an easy map-based search feature has been provided for viewing the mobile towers in vicinity of any locality .
the digital india programme will pull together many existing schemes which would be restructured and re-focused and implemented in a synchronized manner .
this facility will be provided only after consultation among superintendent of police , district and sessions judge of the concerned district ( place of incident ) .
also , it facilitates analysing the feedbacks and generating knowledge out of them which in turn , helps in improving the users/ citizens experience in availing public services .
bodies owned , controlled or substantially financed by the state or central governments , including non-government organizations which receive substantial government funds directly or indirectly
I , on behalf of all countrymen , pay my homage to Baba Saheb who gave the right to live with dignity to crores of Indians .
ideally , the natural drains should have been widened ( similar to road widening for increased traffic ) to accommodate the higher flows of storm water .
science express
water from unsafe sources – rivers , dams , lakes , ponds , streams , canals , irrigation channels , unprotected wells and springs – is best avoided .
occupational safety and health skills development
The Prime Minister asked the Secretary , Financial Services , to look at ways to increase the use of RuPay debit cards that have been issued to Jan Dhan account holders .
for any support related information and queries ,
Earlier , Finance Minister Shri Piyush Goyal highlighted the initiatives taken by the Union Government in the last four years , to steer the economy of India to a higher trajectory .
Name of Minister/officials who exchanged Agreement from Indian and Cambodian side
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved measures to increase oil palm area and production in India .
650 new scholarships are awarded every year , of which 100 are reserved for tribal culture ( scheduled tribe candidates ) , 125 for the children of families practicing traditional arts , 20 for divyaang ( differently abled ) children and ( from 2016 ) 30 for the students applying in the field of creative writing/literary arts .
head and neck trauma
the subscription voucher shall be prepared only after de-duplication check .
He said that the current century is about skill development .
1 . Approval/ in principle approval for closure has been obtained by administrative Ministry/ Department from the CCEA/ Cabinet ; or
at the shelter follow instructions of the person in charge .
Around 5000 Pradhan Mantri Jan Aushadhi Kendras have been set up across the country . ”
information is any material in any form .
those who become pregnant within two years of the previous delivery
user will receive one time password as queries on mobile number and to specified emailed
avoid taking tea or coffee within an hour after a meal
The Agreement was signed on 1st October 2018 at New Delhi during the State visit of the President of Uzbekistan to India .
the national payment corporation of india implemented the scheme .
advice for parents and caregivers  :
The aggregate incidence of such crimes in the country , as per the statistics of the National Crime Records Bureau ( NCRB ) for 2016 , is in excess of 3 lakhs per year .
in addition this is an excellent opportunity to answer any questions the woman may have about breastfeeding , sexual relations , family planning , and immunization for the baby or other topics .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today gave its approval to rename the Agartala Airport in Tripura as ‘Maharaja Bir Bikram Manikya Kishore Airport , Agartala .
fowl cholera
It will ensure seamless rail connectivity on the line .
enrollment only at ordinary place of residence .
older persons should be able to participate in determining when and at what pace withdrawal from the labour force takes place .
in the event of change of appointment timing , the visitor gets sms and email alert .
where there is no toilet , faeces should be buried .
identify and administer missing immunizations to the mother , including tetanus toxoid
The Prime Minister said that in the last four and a half years , the Union Government has attempted to reduce the difficulty faced by people in obtaining passports .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today met and felicitated the medal winners of the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics , held in Argentina .
there is a separate law on sexual harassment at workplaces -
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator , both in the Delhi government and Centre .
applicant name
May the coming year lead to the fulfilment of all your aspirations .
the scholarship , once awarded , may be renewed during the next academic year of the course on the production of certificate that the student has secured 50 % marks in the examination .
in order to link aadhaar with electronic toll collection , your demographic details should match .
loss of appetite and tiredness
In this backdrop , it is imperative to strengthen the public transport system in Agra and the metro project will be able to meet this need .
Making politics an all pervasive , powerful factor is not an effective way for a healthy society .
there may be gas leaks or short-circuits .
hemotoxins cause internal bleeding .
keeping the fever from going too high is important to prevent convulsions , which could lead to disabilities .
Mentioning India’s achievements in various sectors of Energy , Digital Technology , Space , Manufacturing , PM said , “The world is discussing global warming and India made an effort in the form of the International Solar Alliance to mitigate this menace ” .
variety
select bank for aadhaar seeding
children play because it is fun .
types of coma can include  :
As part of it , government has started training about one lakh masons .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has today given its approval to grant Special Remission to Prisoners as part of Commemoration of 150th Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi .
how to access information and log grievance , grievance/feedback track , grievance status information
bone disorders can affect the quality of life .
Shri Narendra Modi handed over keys to mark the Grihapravesh of Prime Minister Awas Yojana- Grameen ( PMAY-G ) beneficiaries in Maharashtra .
if the seeds are old , 5 kg are required .
The University will be located approximately 11 Kms from HQ National Security Guard , on Delhi – Jaipur highway towards Jaipur .
a child with a cough or cold should be kept warm and encouraged to eat and drink as much as possible .
unique features of the platform
some examples of healthy foods include fruits and vegetables ( including green leafy vegetables ) , liver , red palm oil , dairy products , fish and eggs .
the sustained research efforts have resulted in the development of integrated farming systems involving fish culture , livestock raising and agriculture .
jagdish claimed to have separated from his wife and was in the process of filing for divorce .
on completion of the above , residents can view the uniform resource identifier of e-documents which have been uploaded into the digital locker by various issuers .
US Secretary of Defense James Mattis called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon .
the identification of the beneficiaries would be carried out by central information commission in active collaboration with public information officer , gram panchayats , and block development officers .
Recognizing the importance of skill development for youth , the Government has created a dedicated Ministry for Skill Devlopment .
The AIIMS will be set up under Pradhan MantriSwasthya Suraksha Yojana ( PMSSY ) .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited the historic Tulsi Manas Temple in Varanasi this evening .
Lays foundation stone for ESIC Multi speciality Hospital at Tiruppur
It is poised to play a critical role in Asia .
annual lighting emission reduction of 37-278 kg is equivalent to 3-27 additional trees .
visit the website
part of the expenses on operating a management and monitoring system viz . computer hardware and software for vehicles .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the Dr . Ambedkar International Centre at 15 Janpath , Delhi tomorrow .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the new building for National Museum of Indian Cinema tomorrow on January 19 , 2018 .
This airport in Jharsuguda is well located to serve the needs of the people of Odisha , the Prime Minister said .
The Prime Minister said that over the last four years , the Union Government has resolved for emotional integration of the North-East , and has achieved success .
article 243g read with schedule 11 - provide for institutionalization of child care by seeking to entrust programmes of women and child development to panchayat ( item 25 of schedule 11 ) , apart from education ( item 17 ) , family welfare ( item 25 ) , health and sanitation ( item 23 ) and other items with a bearing on the welfare of children .
fish yields ranging from 6000-7000kg/ ha/yr is generally obtained .
It will make India stronger , even more secure and will further peace and harmony . ”
career centres can avail the following services on registration .
one of the largest single users of energy is agriculture , and within this field , the energy used for irrigation is quite significant .
higher daily peak temperatures and longer , more intense heat waves are becomingly increasingly frequent globally due to climate change .
information is any material in any form .
the law does not explain what 'outraging modesty ' means .
Efforts have to be comprehensive and ‘outcome driven’ , not ‘output driven’ , the Prime Minister said .
there are four options an eligible voter can follow to submit form 6 .
the table of contribution levels , fixed monthly pension to subscribers and his spouse and return of corpus to nominees of subscribers and the contribution period is given below .
an assessment of the radiological status at the site boundary and in the public domain .
chief commissioner for persons with disabilities in the centre , or
take part in preparing disaster management plan for the community and identify safe shelter along with safe and easy access routes .
eat more vegetables  :
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has greeted the CISF personnel on theRaising Day of the Central Industrial Security Force .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between Central Silk Board ( CSB ) , India and National Institute of Agrobiological Sciences ( NIAS ) , Japan for collaborative research in the field of silkworm and silk industries .
building latrines at least 15 metres away and downhill from a water source
Eight Research Parks and 2500 Atal Tinkering Labs are being established all over the country to encourage youngsters to take up research and innovation .
( 2 ) the water is not from a safe source and/or
search and book appointment with career counsellor
the details are as follows  :
what happens if i forget my pin  ?
the changes that occur during the process
The project is being implemented by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Ltd .
The private entrepreneurs/ cooperative bodies/ joint ventures will be invited by the respective state Governments for oil palm plantation in their state .
The rationale for the proposed amendments are :
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the filling of Padur Strategic Petroleum Reserves( SPR ) at Padur , Karnataka by overseas National Oil Companies ( NOCs ) .
industrial visit
Right now , while taking to you I got an idea whether we could organize a mock parliament in every district of India ?
such as saloons , beauty parlours , gymnasium , boutiques , tailoring shops , dry cleaning , cycle and motorcycle repair shop , photocopying facilities , medicine shops , courier agents , etc .
by providing an effective enforcement machinery as well as suitable provisions for compensation and rehabilitation of affected persons  ;
proactive disclosure of all information pertaining to the implementation of the programme in the public domain and through wall-writing , notice boards in the local language .
The project is a Joint Venture of HPCL and Government of Rajasthan .
yes , if it is shown in a court that you knowingly infringe or help someone else infringe the copyright in the movie by downloading it .
the payer will get the notification on his mobile for request money
safai karamacharis
constant moving of the head ( this might indicate an ear infection , which could lead to deafness if not treated )
The farmers were from Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , Punjab , Maharashtra and Karnataka .
it will provide secure access to govt . issued documents .
This improvement is important :
emergency management and research institute is currently operational in 16 states and union territories i .e . andhra pradesh , gujarat , uttarakhand , goa , tamil nadu , karnataka , assam , meghalaya , madhya pradesh , himachal pradesh , chhattisgarh , uttar pradesh , rajasthan , kerala and 2 union territories dadra & nagar haveli and daman & diu
stay away from electric wiring 's .
broadcasted nationally on digishala free dish service
He said that while the world is working towards electric cars , in India , in addition to electric cars , electric stoves would go a long way in meeting the needs of the people .
cyber laws are contained in the information technology act , 2000 .
by herself  ; or
for the complete information on registration and accessing the services , click here .
routes of apprenticeship training
girls
for your email you could start with “ my friends akshay and sheetal send me a funny email once a day  ” and then use numbers and letters to recreate it .
Today I am also happy to dedicate 12 Post Office Passport Sewa Kendras in Tamil Nadu .
additional channel for banking and key catalyst for financial inclusion
cereals and legumes
selection of pig breeds
no scholarship will be paid to the students under this scheme from the date he/she accepts another scholarship/stipend . me .
capacity building for safe schools -
Prime Minister will turn a page of the Bhagwad Gita to mark its official opening .
after child birth , women need to eat well in order to regain their strength and recover from the labour and delivery .
during the first hours after childbirth and the first week and month of life , newborn babies are particularly vulnerable .
tell a trusted adult about the bullying/harassing , and keep telling until the adult takes action .
normally , 500 to 600 birds are needed to meet the fertilizer requirements of 1 .0 ha pond .
in case of renewal of scholarship awarded in the previous years , maintenance allowance will be paid from the month following the month upto which scholarship was paid in the previous year , if the course of study is continuous .
despite availability of treatment guidelines , mechanisms for monitoring and supportive supervision , regular training of health care providers at different levels across the country and the existence of outreach platforms like village health and nutrition day , the desired coverage and quality of maternal health services is still a matter of concern .
These young boys & girls had been selected under ‘Mission Shaurya’ .
preparation and implementation of an inter - sectoral district health plan prepared by the district health mission , including drinking water , sanitation & hygiene and nutrition .
encourage the child to drink as much as possible .
the mentally retarded person has a right to proper medical care , physical therapy and to such education , training , rehabilitation and guidance which will enable him to further develop his ability , and reach maximum potential in life .
make sure that you understand what programs are being installed .
signs of infected wound
admission and course/tuition fee for technical and vocational courses of xi and xii level . ( includes fees/charges for raw materials , etc . )
the average rainfall for the month of july in mumbai is 868 mm and this far exceeds the annual average rainfall of 611 mm in london .
women who are hiv positive .
There has been no continuous funding to JSK from the Ministry .
Now the average over the last four years has gone up to rupees five point two five lakh crore or about seventy five billion dollars .
The new scheme will broadly cover creation of infrastructure under following sectors :-
smoking affects bone health and results in a substantial loss of bone mass ( bone mineral density ) in women .
audio visual scripts are also available for getting to know about the polling processes .
employment protection  :
legal services - meaning
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today spoke at the opening session of the Conference of Governors at Rashtrapati Bhawan .
The Prime Minister will also lay foundation stone of the Combined Project of Improvement in Water Supply and Sewerage System , as part of Area Based Development in Solapur Smart City , Augmentation of Drinking Water Supply from Ujani Dam to Solapur City and Underground Sewerage System under AMRUT Mission .
all inspections are supported by geo-tagged , time stamped videos/photographs .
a phone number that spells hope for millions of children across india , childline is india 's first 24-hour , free , emergency phone service for children in need of aid and assistance
The Prime Minister exhorted farmers to use sprinkler and drip irrigation , latest farming techniques , and solar pumps .
according to lpg estimates , about 5 lakh deaths in india alone due to unclean cooking fuels .
coir handicraft and jewellery manufacturing unit with accessories including dye vatt
the main sources of disease spread in poultry are wet litter , feed and water , close contact , contaminated equipment , attendants and visitors , air , external parasites , free moving birds , rodents and flies , etc .
they should seek advice and have access to information from a trained health worker on the various methods and benefits of family planning .
raw food , especially poultry and seafood , usually contains germs .
it is recommended that 5 tons of composted coir pith per hectare of land irrespective of the raised .
Friends , The government has been paying full attention for strengthening the social infrastructure of the country along with the strengthening of physical infrastructure related to important sectors like rail-road and electricity .
chemicals such as pesticides and herbicides can be very dangerous if even small quantities get into the water supply or onto food , hands or feet .
obesity is a state in which there is a generalized accumulation of excess fat in adipose tissue in the body leading to more than 20 % of the desirable weight .
At a public meeting , he inaugurated the ITI at Arong , and a Modern Sports Complex .
regularization of piped natural gas connection
updating your mobile number in bank is also advisable .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 140 kg
objective
strengthen the integrated child development scheme systems policy framework , systems and capacities , and facilitate community engagement , to ensure greater focus on children under three years of age in the project districts  ; and
India is also a young country like Palestine .
Announcing a boost to rail connectivity for the region , the Prime Minister said , the government has approved Solapur-Osmanabad via Tuljapur rail line , at an estimated cost of Rs . 1000 crores .
why it is important  ?
remain calm and be alert and awake , listen to warnings of heavy and prolonged period of rainfall from weather station , if your home is located below a debris covered area move away to safer place , listen to sounds of rock fall , moving debris and cracking of trees , or cracks in ground or any movement .
instructions for availing benefits under employees ' provident fund scheme scheme
counselling can help her carefully weigh the risks and make an informed decision on which feeding option is best for her baby and most manageable for her .
cybercrimes can be basically divided into 3 major categories being cybercrimes against persons , property and government .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Rural Development .
Therefore , the Ministry of Environment , Forest & Climate Change constituted a Committee in June 2014 under the Chairmanship of Dr . Shailesh Nayak ( Secretary , Ministry of Earth Sciences ) to examine the various issues and concerns of Coastal States/UTs and other stakeholders for recommending appropriate changes in the CRZ Notification , 2011 .
PM laid the Foundation stone of the museum on October 21 , 2018 .
adolescents need to develop the skills to cope with the stresses and strains of everyday life , as well as emotions such as sadness and anger in a healthy way .
optional trade  :
a requester can use document uniform resource identifier to securely retrieve the documents from the repository through an access gateway
this data has information pertaining to persons accused or convicted in criminal cases along with associated information such as property stolen/recovered , missing persons , recovered/unidentified dead bodies and so on .
Denmark is one of the important trading partners with India .
this has now been expanded to cover sick infants  :
frequently ask questions on pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana
one license for a trader valid across all markets in the state .
on the basis of the examination conducted , 1000 scholarships will be awarded for different stages of education as follows .
The Prime Minister drew a contrast between different forms of competition between now and prior to 2014 .
the applications have to be sent through respective state government administrations with their recommendations .
wash the contaminated area thoroughly with cold water
institutionalization of regular open platforms for airing of grievances and their redressal , coordinated by the gram panchayat
forms of energy
hang heavy items such as pictures and mirrors away from beds , settees , and anywhere that people sit .
With a view to increase banking penetration , promote financial inclusion and to provide at least one bank account per household across the country , a National Mission on Financial Inclusion known as Pradhan Mantri JanDhan Yojana ( PMJDY ) was announced by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi in his Independence Day Speech on 15thAugust , 2014 .
in 1991 , the general assembly adopted the united nations principles for older persons , enumerating 18 entitlements for older persons — relating to independence , participation , care , self-fulfillment and dignity .
tell the child stories and teach rhymes and songs
india has traditionally been vulnerable to natural disasters on account of its unique geo climatic conditions and it has , of late , like all other countries in the world , become equally vulnerable to various man-made disasters .
We also aim to develop a state-of-art transmission system which ensures that surplus power is transferred to other power deficient parts of the country .
they need to monitor the behavior of each and every child .
the burn should be immersed in cold water for about fifteen minutes or until the pain has stopped .
explain potential danger signs for the mother and her baby
if you suspect sewage lines are damaged under the quake , avoid using the toilets and call a plumber .
if the 9th day of the month is a sunday / a holiday , then the clinic should be organized on the next working day .
for further details please contact office of the concerned registrar .
The OM was approved by the Cabinet on 8th January 2019 .
begin to eat by herself or himself .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) signed between India and Tunisia to promote cooperation in the field of youth matters .
child labourers working in the unorganised and organized sectors
the ministry of rural development consists of two departments , viz . ,
improving boarding / lodging arrangements for the patients and their attendants  ;
prioritizes those babies that are born too soon , too small , or sick—as they account for majority of all newborn deaths
My young friend Deepak Lather wins a Bronze in the Men’s 69 kg category .
couriers should be avoided .
where the central government is satisfied that operation or continuation of the account is causing undue hardship to the account holder , it may , by order , for reasons to be recorded in writing , allow pre-mature closure of the account only in cases of extreme compassionate grounds such as medical support in life- threatening diseases , death , etc .
brain cells beyond the leak are deprived of blood and are also damaged .
you may receive a recovery email address if you need to reset your password , so make sure that recovery email address is up -to-date and is an account you can access .
children and newborns , growth and development , achieving mile stones , vaccination , care during illness , nutrition etc play a big role in child health .
The Prime Minister spoke of Sardar Patel’s vision of a strong and inclusive India , and said the Union Government is working towards making this dream a reality .
encourage them to share their hopes and expectations , fears and concerns with you .
normal diastolic blood pressure falls between 60 and 80 .
who may file an application to the magistrate  ?
all farmers growing notified crops in a notified area during the season who have insurable interest in the crop are eligible .
stage three  : in this stage , the symptoms become more severe .
in case of minor account , the same should be converted into major account .
blood pressure always is higher when the heart is pumping than when it is relaxing .
the scheme provides a financial support of rs 1600 for each lpg connection to the below poverty line households .
He said that he was performing his duty courageously in the fight against corruption and middlemen backed by the support and the blessings of the people . .
disease is a term for any condition that impairs the normal functioning of organs or body .
MoU between Government of Gujarat and Korea Trade Promotion Agency ( KOTRA )
the objective of portal is to consolidate information of labour inspection and its enforcement .
The meeting was attended by senior Union Ministers related to economic matters ; Maharashtra Chief Minister Shri Devendra Fadnavis ; Lieutenant Governor of Delhi Shri Anil Baijal ; and senior officials from the Union Government , Maharashtra Government and Delhi Government .
if aadhaar number is already linked with unique health identification number , then appointment number will be given and unique health identification will remain same .
strengthening capacities for data collection , assessment and review for evidence based planning , monitoring and supervision .
use unique passwords and avoid using personally identifiable information like birth dates .
plantation and pasture based composite farming for enhancing livelihood opportunities ,
the child is breathing with difficulty or gasping for air
there are special positions available such as lotus position for meditation .
it uses a network to send copies of itself to other nodes ( computers on the network ) and it may do so without any user intervention .
we recommend that you update your mobile number in bank .
The Highlights of Vibrant Gujarat 2019 include among others-
at 6 weeks old , a baby needs the first dose of tetanus toxoid to extend the protection received from the mother against tetanus .
what is ransomware  ?
lumbar puncture
Bhusaval- Bandra Khandesh Express Train was flagged off by PM through video link .
presence of economic clusters
fish farming-cum- vegetable farming
it is better to prepare compost in the own farm .
a child who is not immunized is more likely to become sick , permanently disabled or undernourished , and could possibly die .
refiner will test the gold and determine its purity which will be basis on which the deposit certificate will be issued .
immediate help from a trained health worker is needed .
basic training provider is an entity who has the facilities for imparting basic training to apprentices .
improved coverage of work related injuries , fatalities and diseases and provide for a more comprehensive data base for facilitating better performance and monitoring .
collection and value addition to non timber forest produce , livestock development including gobar bank , cattle hostel
ischemic stroke
it is important to check respiratory rate , especially if the woman complains of breathlessness .
high blood pressure or hypertension means high pressure ( tension ) in the arteries .
Namaskar and a very good evening to all of you!
feed and water troughs too few or too close together
In response , the Prime Minister said that clarity of thought and conviction are essential .
basic fluid intake serves to replace the fluids which are required to perform our normal bodily functions .
importance of quality seed
Today , in the twenty-seventh meeting , the Prime Minister reviewed the progress of eight infrastructure projects in the railway , road , and power sectors .
the students should be regular in attendance for which the yardstick will be decided by the competent authority of the school/college/university .
Yesterday , I announced two Lines of Credit for Uganda .
however , it said these accounts will be called small accounts and shall normally be valid for 12 months and shall be continued subject to showing of proof that he/she has applied for any of the officially valid document within 12 months of opening of such 'small account ' .
do not believe in rumours passed on by word of mouth from one person to another .
He spoke about the huge jump in power generation in the past four and half years .
banking customers can avail this service by dialing * 99 # , a “ common number across all telecom service providers  ” on their mobile phone and transact through an interactive menu displayed on the mobile screen .
with lower rentals , more merchants will install such machines and promote digital transactions .
switch off electrical and gas appliances , and turn off services off at the mains .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Republic TV Summit in Mumbai .
crop loans disbursed under revised kisan credit card scheme for notified crops are covered under crop insurance scheme , to protect the interest of the farmer against loss of crop yield caused by natural calamities , pest attacks etc
stage five  : the final stage of parkinson ’ s disease effects the patient ’ s physical body moments .
He said the world is looking at India with confidence .
assistance will be provided for various improved package of practices based on land use and soil characteristics , generated through geographical information system based thematic maps and database on land and soil characteristics through extensive field level scientific surveys .
target group and benefits
the digital india is transformational in nature and would ensure that government services are available to citizens electronically .
low carbon lifestyles at workplaces
is extremely thirsty
In this context , he mentioned the PM Kisan Samman Nidhi .
is it mandatory to buy hotplates from the distributor while getting a new connection
when to seek medical care  ?
avoid eating/cooking rotten or infected food material .
He unveiled a plaque to mark the inauguration of the Shri Narendra Modi Resilient Rice Field Laboratory .
· BRICS CRA Governing Council Meeting and BRICS BF Working Group Meeting ( Bali , Indonesia )
He mentioned enhanced air and rail connectivity , better roads , big bridges etc .
for prevention against malware attacks  :
The Prime Minister said that today on one hand , the Government is trying to make the Armed Forces stronger ; and on the other hand , there are those who do not want our Armed Forces to be strong .
a scholar is liable to refund the scholarship amount at the discretion of the state government , if during the course of the year , the studies for which the scholarship has been awarded , is discontinued by him/her .
whenever the board of trustees are unable to perform or have persistently made default in their performance of duties , a registered organization for the disabled can complain to the central government to have the board of trustees superseded and/or reconstituted .
In this context , he mentioned various Clean Energy initiatives of the Union Government like Ethanol Blending , Compressed Bio Gas plants , increased LPG coverage and introduction of BS-6 fuels for automobiles .
2 million non-slum urban poor households are proposed to be covered under the mission .
Mr . Salehundum Giridhar Rao from Telangana , shared his entrepreneurship story with the Prime Minister .
exchange of experience on modern approach to public service recruitment and selection , particularly the functions of the UPSC and the PSC ;
spare shifts may be used for basic training .
tribal communities are often identified by some specific signs such as primitive traits , distinctive culture , geographical isolation , shyness to contact with the community at large and backwardness .
this also reduces the anxiety of the casualty , who can no longer see the burn .
His decision making ability infused in him the strength to overcome all obstacles .
degree courses in veterinary
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Jhunjhunu in Rajasthan on 8th March , the International Women’s Day .
27 . jenu kuruba 28 . koraga
in most of the cases no assistance is required during farrowing .
safety principles need to be incorporated in the day to day functioning of the educational institutions in the country , cutting across the traditional stages of the disaster cycle  : preparedness , response and recovery .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Italy for training and education in the fields of Labour and Employment .
promoting inclusion of safety , health and environment , improvement at workplaces as an important component in other relevant national policy documents .
this component introduces appropriate farming systems by integrating multiple components of agriculture such as crops , horticulture , livestock , fishery , forestry with agro based income generating activities and value addition .
identification of referral transport .
to ensure that youth in india are trained at the highest global standards , in order to enable them to access employment opportunities abroad .
Collaboration of India with Singapore will benefit both India and Singapore to excel in the fields of Development of Application Programming Interfaces ( APls ) , Regulatory Sandbox , Security in payment and digital cash flow , integration of RuPay-Network for Electronic Transfers ( NETS ) , UPI-FAST payment link , AADHAR Stack and e-KYC in ASEAN region and cooperation on regulations , solutions for financial markets and insurance sector and sand box models .
President of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank
say duly approved by lending institutes , it works out to be rs . 15 lakhs .
drugs like piperzine @ 250 - 3 00 in feed and water , fenbendazole @ 5 in feed ( single dose ) or ivermectin @ 0 .3 are useful against parasitic infection in pig .
Rural road connectivity is now 90 % .
this card is accepted at all rupay debit card ( for cash withdrawal ) and at most of the rupay debit card machines ( for making cashless payment for purchases ) in the country .
mini statement
apply on line in english/ hindi language for new registration .
in rural areas , examples of solid waste include wastes from kitchens , gardens , cattle sheds , agriculture , and materials such as metal , paper , plastic , cloth , and so on .
also it has the highest energy per mass of any fuel .
The two sides agreed to enter into an MoU on appointing a port operator that may include both sides to be responsible for the operation and maintenance of the port in keeping with the practice that has been adopted at other international ports in Myanmar .
then the total project cost would be rs . 25 + 15 = 40 lakhs .
the ministry of new and renewable energy through state nodal agency will provide assessment charges for 30 trainees @ rs 800/- which amounts to rs 0 .24 lakhs .
track 2 data contains information such as the credit card number and expiration date .
poultry egg and meat are important sources of high quality proteins , minerals and vitamins to balance the human diet .
under the scheme , complete information for approximately 4 crore subscribers of employees provident fund has been centrally compiled and digitized and a universal account numbe has been allotted to all .
lemon , guava are also good fruits for growing on pond embankment .
key services offered under * 99 # service include , interbank account to account fund transfer , balance enquiry , mini statement besides host of other services .
During the Global Mobility Summit held in September 2018 , Prime Minister had outlined the vision for the future of mobility in India based on 7 C’s which are Common , Connected , Convenient , Congestion-free , Charged , Clean and Cutting-edge mobility .
public internet access programme
the law only tells us what kind of jobs they are not allowed to work in .
It will thus be a responsible member of the community .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , will pay a State Visit to Republic of Rwanda ( 23-24 July ) , Republic of Uganda ( 24-25 July ) and Republic of South Africa ( 25-27 July ) .
personal hygiene is intimately involved with health .
The Prime Minister will dedicate the submarine at the Naval Dockyard , in the presence of the Defence Minister , important dignitaries of the Maharashtra Government , and senior Naval Officers .
the pond dikes provide space for erection of animal housing units .
seamlessly integrated across departments or jurisdictions .
agri insurance
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its approval for signing of Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the field of Human Resource Development .
formation of cluster , farmer pledge to participatory guarantee system and identification of lead resourceful person from cluster
research and manpower development
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of Srila Bhaktivedanta Prabhupadaji , in raising global awareness about this epic .
“Absolutely thrilled by the stupendous achievement of our young cricketers .
Union Minister for Health and Family Welfare Sh .
section 88b  :
benefits for merchants
employers can now locate the talent most appropriate for their organisations by looking through a countrywide database of workforce from blue-collar workers to white-collar staff .
alternatively , there could be other similar games available as well .
pension funds pvt . limited
signs of labour  :
creation of universities by conversion of colleges in a cluster
The visit will begin from Palestine , on 10 February after transiting through Jordan .
disabled person who are otherwise qualified to hold clerical posts and who are certified as being unable to type by the medical board or a civil surgeon where there is no such board , have been exempted from typing qualification .
He added that , Once Bilaspur-Manali-Leh rail line is completed , the distance from Delhi to Leh will be reduced .
a person begins to forget more often and is unable to recall the information later .
health tips for heat wave conditions
India and South Africa mutually agreed to jointly issue Postage Stamps on India-South Africa : Joint Issue on the theme “125th Year of Mahatma Gandhi’s Pietermaritzburg Station Incident & Birth Centenary of Nelson Mandela ” .
40 – 50 to pump wastewater for distribution across the reactor bed
loan upto 75 % of purchase price shall be allowed after 3 policy years ( to meet the liquidity needs ) .
the scholarship sanctioned is liable to be cancelled on the following occasions  : -
the rabies virus infects the central nervous system and causes disease in the brain .
The Cabinet today approved the draft National Commission for Indian Systems of Medicine ( NCIM ) Bill , 2018 , which seeks to replace the existing regulator Central Council for Indian Medicine ( CCIM ) with a new body to ensure transparency .
all women have the right to the services of a skilled birth attendant , such as a doctor , nurse or midwife , and to emergency care if complications should arise .
applicant should possess aadhaar number and a bank account for availing the subsidy .
Under the PMSSY , AIIMS have been established in Bhubaneswar , Bhopal , Raipur , Jodhpur , Rishikesh and Patna .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) on India-Italy Cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Italy .
crop production
if the service you ’ re using allows you to create your own question , try to come up with a question that has an answer only you would know and isn ’ t something that you ’ ve posted about publicly or shared on social media .
registration in payee enabled application
Development of Kartarpur Sahib corridor :
Mrs . Parly briefed the Prime Minister about developments in bilateral defence cooperation .
the applicant must be registered
The Prime Minister said that in the era of globalisation , we need to understand the changing trends across the world and the increased spirit of competitiveness .
The worse atrocities against Dalits have happened under Congress rule .
beware of blue whale challenge game
be alert to unusual computer activity or problems .
labour pains for more than 12 hours .
after five properly spaced doses , the mother is protected for life and her children are protected for the first few weeks of life .
battery operated radio
He said this has become possible because the Union Government has kept national interest supreme .
parents may move to an appropriate forum for the redressal of grievances regarding the placement of their children with disabilities .
trainees who have completed apprentices courses
mental illness
one has to file the application for the purpose , in prescribed form 6 , before the electoral registration officer / assistant electoral registration officer of the constituency within which the place of ordinary residence of the applicant falls .
the scholar will be required to undergo a rigorous training .
project funding support
Special Envoy Asim also reiterated President Yameen’s invitation to Prime Minister to visit Maldives .
the newly excavated ponds should be rectangular in shape and of manageable size ( 0 .4 ha ) .
The MoU establishes a broad and flexible framework through which both countries can exchange best practices and work together on training programs and technical exchanges to raise awareness on IPRs and better protect intellectual property rights ( IPRs ) .
increased frequency of urination
responding to the child 's cry by holding and/or talking soothingly to her or him will help establish a sense of trust and security .
in 2006 , the government of india renamed the particularly vulnerable tribal groups as particularly vulnerable tribal groups .
note when signs and symptoms begin , because the length of time they have been present may guide treatment decisions .
The Prime Minister said that the global impression about India has changed over the last three to four years .
national career service
hazardous materials abound in flooded areas .
PM will also inaugurate New Complex of Tripura Institute of Technology at Narsingarh .
treatment - there is no specific treatment for omphalitis .
through this facility if the aggrieved woman wants , she can record her statement for police/ courts from one stop centre scheme itself using audio - video electronic means as prescribed under sections 161 ( 3 ) , 164 ( 1 ) and 275 ( 1 ) of the code of criminal procedure and section 231 ( 1 ) in line with order xviii rule 4 of the code of civil procedure .
He said the sixth announcement is that all public sector undertakings of the Union Government must now compulsorily be a part of GeM .
given the modern social and educational system , some institutions are imparting the education at par with the modern system in terms of time with packages to be completed within a limited duration .
shy-drager syndrome  :
it has been developed in public private partnership mode by department of telecommunications with industry .
aadhaar letter received via india post and e-aadhaar downloaded from aadhaar website are equally valid .
minimum entry age  : 60 years ( completed )
`` district plan '' means the plan for disaster management for the district prepared under section 31  ;
At Fertilizer Corporation of India ground in Gorakhpur , Prime Minister will mark the launch of the PM-KISAN scheme , through press of button , to electronically transfer the first instalment of Rs 2 ,000 to selected farmers .
it helps to protect against diarrhoea , ear and chest infections , and other health problems .
iv . The State Councils are also envisioned to mirror the Central Council ,comprising 7 ex-officio and 21 non-ex officio members and Chairperson tobe elected from amongst the non-ex officio members .
International Training Centre ( ITC ) of the International Labour Organisation ( ILO ) was established in 1964 in Turin .
the program is open to indian citizens residing in india only .
In less than four years , we have issued 144 more licenses through a much more transparent and predictable process .
culling of animals
bacitracin is the most commonly used drug for control of necrotic enteritis .
Mr . Modi drew attention of the experts on certain key policy issues relevant to India .
under this law , the first step to preventing manual scavenging is demolishing 'insanitary latrines ' .
more diesel is required to pump water through small diameter pipes because it offers higher friction .
The Prime Minister recalled Dr . Ambedkar’s words , that we should make our political democracy , a social democracy as well .
if you see suspicious account activity , immediately change your password and logout of your account .
PM told that 14000 bunkers have been built along the border for the safety of our soldiers .
digital infrastructure as utility to every citizen
inform others on occurrence of event at public gathering places ( like school , shopping centre , theatre etc . ) .
Speaking about corruption PM said , “The chowkidar is cracking-down on the corrupt ” .
After the successful completion of tenth CGD Bidding Round more than four hundred districts of the country will be connected for providing piped gas supply .
“We pay homage to Shastri Ji on his Punya Tithi .
It is expected that the umbrella scheme , “Modernisation of Police Forces ( MPF ) ” will go a long way to boost the capability and efficiency of Central and State Police Forces by modernizing them .
At Baripada , he will dedicate to the nation , Balasore-Haldia-Durgapur section of LPG pipeline project of IOCLand the Balasore multi modal logistic park .
My ministerial colleague , Dr . Harsh Vardhan ,
when to submit the 2nd appeal application  :
Her win is truly special ” , the Prime Minister said .
action areas
2 . exchange of information on programs , publications , expertise and results of research in the field of water resources ;
darkening of the urine ,
In his presence , key global leaders , including Chinese President Xi Jinping , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to Chinese President Mr . Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , have visited Sabarmati Ashram to pay homage to the Mahatma .
cases of child sexual abuse are tried under this law .
the objective of the unified web portal is to consolidate information of labour inspection and its enforcement , which will lead to transparency and accountability in inspections .
in india , the poor have limited access to cooking gas .
Each family will get 5 lakh rupees health coverage annually .
participants/ vendors must ensure that all legal formalities as per the law of land are complied with for all overseas sales .
udaan is an initiative of the central board of secondary education to enable girl students to soar to higher education from schools , and to eventually take various leadership roles in future .
keep your first aid kit , all medications , including non-prescription drugs out of children 's reach .
bursting of water bag without labor pains
The Governor , Professor Ganeshi Lal , Chief Minister , Shri Naveen Patnaik and Union Cabinet Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas , Shri Dharmendra Pradhan also accompanied the Prime Minister in the aerial survey .
pregnancy complications  :
The Framework Agreement was signed in New Delhi , on 7th September 2018 .
if the casualty is lying in water , keep out of it yourself -- - moisture is an excellent conductor of electricity .
video conferencing facility
He promised further assistance after the assessment by an inter-ministerial Central team .
world diabetes day is celebrated on 14th november every year .
the above will bring in the necessary ease in compliance of provisions related to labour and will be a step forward in promoting the ease of doing business .
The MoU was signed at New Delhi on 25th September 2018 .
waste stabilisation pond system
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the team of Sawarn Singh , Dattu Baban Bhokanal , Om Prakash and Sukhmeet Singh on winning Gold in Rowing Men’s Quadruple Sculls event at the 18th Asian Games 2018 in Jakarta – Palembang , Indonesia .
thus it is important to ensure that all development actions taken even in non-emergency times are designed with a view to ensuring their performance during emergencies .
bank account holders
children who are not breastfeeding should drink the following amounts of liquids every time a watery stool is passed  :
mode of selection
Farmers in Tamil Nadu have also benefited from the Pradhan MantriFasalBimaYojana .
as damage spreads , cells lose their ability to do their jobs well .
this will also aid counsellors to do a skill gap analysis of their client .
this scheme shall in no way transfer , either wholly or partially , ownership rights on the opposition created to the facilitator or the government , and the start-up shall have full rights on the opposition generated .
stage ii examination at the national level will comprise ( a ) mental ability test ( mat ) , ( b ) scholastic ability test covering social sciences , sciences and mathematics .
participate in regular weight-bearing exercise .
The Prime Minister will meet with key industry leaders .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved conferment of Central Group ‘A’ Service and Cadre .
solid waste
india consumes about 210 of crude oil annually , and more than 70 % of it is imported .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to capsizing of a boat in Andhra Pradesh’s East Godavari district .
ensure sufficient , high quality options for long-term skilling , bench marked to internationally acceptable qualification standards , which will ultimately contribute to the creation of a highly skilled workforce .
the criteria/pattern of conducting these quizzes and tests can be decided by the trainer .
it will be expanded to include construction sector also .
the other type hemorrhagic stroke occurs when a blood vessel leaks or bursts .
achievable targets
any disease will also result in stress , and may therefore increase the potential for other diseases .
India stands in solidarity with the people of Sri Lanka .
to improve participation of children in classes ix and x of the prematric stage , so that they perform better and have a better chance of progressing to the post-matric stage of education .
In his inaugural address PM underlined the importance of energy as a key driver of socio-economic growth .
tobacco also causes problems later in life – notably cancer and heart disease .
imagine your savings if your lpg cylinder comes for an extra week or there is a cut in your electricity bills
The Summit will host several eminent personalities , including Union Minister for Environment , Forest and Climate Change , Dr . Harsh Vardhan , Minster for Industries and Commerce , Shri Suresh Prabhu , Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) Housing and Urban Affairs , Shri HardeepPuri , Minister of State for Civil Aviation , Shri Jayant Sinha , along with key political and corporate leaders .
table of contribution levels , fixed monthly pension of rs . 2 ,000 per month to subscribers and his spouse and return of corpus to nominees of subscribers and the contribution period under atal pension yojana .
member secretary ,
practice your evacuation routes .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Shri Balramji Dass Tandon , the Governor of Chhattisgarh .
students pursuing post-graduate courses in medicine will be eligible if they are not allowed to practice during the period of their course .
The programme of the Partners’ Forum will be framed around the objectives of the Global Strategy of Survive – Thrive – Transform .
therefore , the state police are mandated to deal with all crime occurring in their respective jurisdictions .
dairy units of educational institutes ( from govt . /govt . universities/state feds/unions ) .
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of taking pride in our history , and in our rich archaeological heritage .
there is a potential of about 25 % to 35 % improvement in the efficiency of these pump sets .
in “ areas with difficult terrain , risk of landslides , floods , lack of roads and in general , danger for young children in the approach . . . the state government / local authority shall locate the school in such a manner as to avoid such dangers  ” .
Earlier the Prime Minister visited Shravanabelagola for the Bahubali Mahamasthakabhisheka Mahotsava 2018 .
under semi-intensive system 2 .5- 3 is allowed at night and 10-15 for day time .
dumb rabies often gets misdiagnosed as a case of encephalitis .
payment of scholarship is as per the government norms for the purpose .
He said a positive mindset , and a “can do ” spirit is now pervading the country .
refreezing after re-warming causes extensive tissue damage and may result in loss of tissue .
barrel is unit of measurement of volume .
frequent complaints of headache or stomach ache and the excessive use of alcohol or other substances .
The Prime Minister will interact with beneficiary mothers and girl children of the program .
training requirements
the best source of calcium is milk .
study tour charges
specific care for vulnerable groups
send money to aadhaar number
Military and technical cooperation has traditionally been one of the key areas of special and privileged strategic partnership between Russia and India .
india too is feeling the impact of climate change in terms of increased instances of heat waves which are more intense in nature with each passing year , and have a devastating impact on human health thereby increasing the number of heat wave casualties .
affordable broadband connectivity of 2 to 20 for all households and on demand capacity to all institutions , to realize the vision of digital india , in partnership with states and the private sector .
Warmly recalling his visit to Saudi Arabia , he said many progressive decisions are being taken there in the energy sector .
wake up at 4 .20 a .m . and watch psychedelic and scary videos that curator sends you .
departments in the ministry
a state-of-the-art early warning centre was established with the necessary computational and communication infrastructure that enables reception of real-time data from sensors , analysis of the data , generation and dissemination of tsunami advisories following a standard operating procedure .
geographical information system and remote sensing applications are being used through council of scientific and industrial research under a special group of geographical information system for landslide hazard zonation at national remote sensing center through database collection from all concerned departments and being stored through good offices of geographical information system and other agencies , labs etc as a parallel theme on landslide mitigat
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will attend the Gita Aradhana Mahotsav at ISKCON-Glory of India Cultural Centre , East of Kailash , New Delhi , on 26 February 2019 .
in this case the head of family in entitlement document needs to be enrolled first with valid document .
less implementation experience in india
admission and tuition fee for under-graduate , post graduate .
Gol liability will be Rs . 340 .60 crore on account of Grant and Subordinate Debt .
national policy and the action programme shall be reviewed at least once in five years or earlier if felt necessary to assess relevance of the national goals and objectives .
to prevent duplicate entries , residents are enrolled into the database with proper verification of their demographic and biometric information .
the national institute of solar energy is organizing “ suryamitra  ” skill development programmes in collaboration with state nodal agencies , at various locations across the country .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the auspicious occasion of Buddha Purnima .
encrypt files so you ca n't use them .
the scheme envisages  :
This is the eighth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes .
in addition , many of the well known conventional hazards will continue to be present at the workplace till the risks arising from exposure to these hazards are brought under adequate control .
generally farmers want to rear pigs with zero inputs like kitchen waste as well as vegetable waste mixed with rice polish/ wheat bran only .
The Prime Minister said that all other things remaining the same , how has this change come about ?
mareks disease vaccine
if the parent ( s ) of the scholar ceases to be a beedi/mine/cine worker .
the selection of these sub districts would be based on parameters such as
The Prime Minister stressed on the importance of girls getting access to quality education , just like boys .
if a person is choking , you should not interfere as long as he is coughing .
non renewable energy
We need to conserve water and recycle water , he added .
scheme for award of financial assistance for education ( scholarship ) to the children of iron ore , manganese ore & chrome ore mine workers
symptoms
if there is a possibility the water is not clean and safe to drink , it should be purified by boiling , filtering , adding chlorine or disinfecting with sunlight in accordance with information provided by a trained health worker or extension agent .
steps to transfer funds using mobile number & mobile money identifier
Board members of United States India Strategic Partnership Forum ( USISPF ) comprising senior industry and business captains of the United States of America , called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today .
type of vaccination
in the form of income declaration , income will be declared on this basis .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved an ex- gratia of Rs . 2 lakh each from Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund for the next of kin of those who have lost their lives due to the collapse of an under-construction flyover in Varanasi on 15th May , 2018 .
misspelled phishings or the use of subdomains are common tricks used by phishers .
no key storage and key protection concerns .
this bleeding is often signaled by a sudden , severe `` thunderclap '' headache .
the patient looses the ability to walk straight or to stand .
all consumer to merchants , consumer to government and all transactions done from november 8 , 2017 were eligible .
prevent and reduce mortality & morbidity from communicable , non-communicable  ; injuries and emerging diseases
The Prime Minister has been in constant touch with the Chief Minister regarding the flood situation .
I prefer to understand the other man’s point of view rather than going through the process of acceptance , rejection and reaction .
by streamlining the vaccine flow network , electronic vaccine intelligence network is a powerful contribution to strengthening health systems and ensures equity through easy and timely availability of vaccines to all children .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Human Resource Development ; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Water Resources , River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation .
loosen clothes for better ventilation
3-5 kg of neem kernel is required for an acre .
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister .
these , coupled with inadequate carrying capacity of rivers are responsible for causing floods , drainage congestion and erosion of river-banks .
• Banking Correspondents ( BCs ) have been deployed in 1 .26 lakh Sub Service Areas ( rural areas ) , each catering to 1000-1500 households .
sexual offences against children are rampant but only a small percentage gets reported .
be not less than 21 years and not more than 60 years in age as on the date of advertisement .
National Mission on Transformative Mobility and Storage :
if the abortion was conducted without the patient ’ s permission , the punishment is jail for life .
we know there is no permanent cure for diabetes , it can only be managed
With this terminal in place , products can be moved along the coast from Kochi , thereby also reducing the cost of movement by road .
Recently , while holding a meeting in this regard I remembered about of Lakhpat Saheb Gurudwara .
redness around a puncture wound
in drugs , diet and drinks they exist in the form of ro-dug ( skt  : shast-rasa ) nus-pa ( virya ) yontan ( skt  : guna ) and zhu-jes ( skt  : vipaka ) .
the premium rates to be paid by farmers are very low and balance premium will be paid by the government to provide full insured amount to the farmers against crop loss on account of natural calamities .
unique features of aadhaar
ensure reforms in the affiliation , academic and examination systems .
the maximum investment limit prescribed by retirement solutions limited vide their master circular number retirement solutions limited/2008-09/72 dated 1st july 2001 for “ small deposit accounts  ” shall be applicable for each retirement solutions limited account opened under retirement solutions limited swavalamban , till prudential pension funds prescribes separate limits .
facilities/amenities to the persons with disabilities
know mobile money identifier
the vegetables which are considered ideal for growing on pond embankments are bitter guard , lady ’ s finger , bottle gourd , brinjal , lobia , cucumber , french beans , pumpkin , tomato , cauliflower , cabbage , peas , palak , etc .
The Prime Minister said that the work being done by devotees of Ma Umiya has touched the lives of several people .
even so , many patients can wake up after many weeks in a coma .
coir pith is collected from the coir industry without any fiber .
stay away from power lines electrical current can travel through water , report power lines that are down to the power company .
all child care institutions , whether run by state government or by voluntary or non-governmental organisations , which are meant , either wholly or partially for housing children , regardless of whether they receive grants from the government , are to be mandatorily registered under the act within 6 months from the date of commencement of the act .
literal meaning of integrate is to combine two things in such a way that one becomes fully a part of the other .
While approving the project , the Cabinet has also stipulated that city bus services in Agra should be strengthened within one year of the approval of the Metro Project .
removes rigidity regarding cash and kind
normally a woman should gain 9 -11 kg during her pregnancy .
the objective of the scheme is to provide financial assistance to the scheduled tribe students studying at post matriculation or post-secondary stage to enable them to complete their education .
In the course of the day , the Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti , and Kanyakumari .
do not download any applications , software from unknown service
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Philippines in the field of agriculture and related fields .
44 percent of the startups registered in India are from tier 2 and tier3 cities , he added .
major responsibilities of off-site officials
This will lead to better utilization of assets provided by the Port in many projects before the formal completion certificate .
the surrender value payable in such cases shall be 98 % of purchase price .
before leaving the facility every pregnant women to be counselled , may be individually or in groups , on nutrition , rest , safe sex , safety , birth preparedness , identification of danger signs , institutional delivery and post - partum family planning .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Weightlifter K Sanjita Chanu on winning the Gold Medal at Commonwealth Games .
Dr . Lotay Tshering thanked Prime Minister Modi for his greetings and good wishes , and accepted the invitation to visit India at the earliest opportunity .
as young children grow older they need opportunities to learn and socialize with other children of their age .
sesame , soybean & jute - 97 %
other toxins that may be linked to parkinson 's include manganese , carbon disulfide , carbon monoxide .
favourable milestones
The MoU with the Royal Civil Service Commission ( RCSC ) , Bhutan was signed by UPSC on 10th November , 2005 for a period of three years .
National agencies , laboratories and Academia will participate in crew training , human life science technology development initiatives as well as design reviews .
aadhaar will ensure increased trust between public and private agencies and residents .
The progress report on interlinking of rivers has been submitted to the Cabinet in compliance of the Hon’ble Supreme Court judgement dated 27 .02 .2012 in the matter of Writ Petition ( Civil ) – 512 of 2002 : “Networking of Rivers ” along with Writ Petition No .668 of 2002 which directs the Union Government of India to constitute a Special Committee for Interlinking of Rivers .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Shri Kundan Shah .
the northeastern region is badly affected by landslide problems of a bewildering variety .
also , warn them that when they are upset they could do things – such as picking a fight or driving dangerously – that could cause harm to themselves or others .
Austria has state of the art technologies for roads and highways , such as electronic toll systems , intelligent transportation systems , traffic management systems , tunnel monitoring systems , geo-mapping and landslide protection measures .
you can only be part of the game if an administrator contacts you and enlists you as a potential whale , or candidate .
keep an eye on what you click and download .
The Prime Minister said that he is happy to note that the Indian community is contributing to development , research and innovation in Korea .
liver and kidney are also rich in iron .
vaccination schedule for broiler  :
girls up to the age of 18 years and boys up to the age of 8 years would be allowed to stay in the swadhar greh with their mothers .
The PM said , “ In an effort to carry forward the legacy of Gandhiji , our government has modernised around 2000 institutions related to khadi .
proof of address *
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Swachh Kumbh , Swachh Aabhaar event in Prayagraj .
because hydrogen is friendly towards the environment , it can be used in ways that other fuels can ’ t even possibly match .
Prime Minister said that special attention is given to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana .
iodine in a pregnant woman 's and young child 's diet is especially critical for the healthy development of the child 's brain .
the compost made from farm waste like sugarcane trash , paddy straw , weeds and other plants and other waste is called farm compost .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 57 kg
the average annual flood damage in the last 10 years period from 1996 to 2005 was rs . 4745 crore as compared to rs . 1805 crore , the corresponding average for the previous 53 years .
offline registration process
we recommend that you submit a photocopy of your aadhaar with a copy of ration card to your shop .
Boost to Public Transport and Connectivity in Patna
must be an indian women citizen/women / women led enterprise .
practice energy efficiency
in india pig rearing is very popular amongst the tribal backward and weaker section of the society , especially north eastern region ( ner ) .
place the right arm above the head
Out of the designated sample in the survey , 70% of respondents on an average happen to be listeners who regularly tune in to ‘’Mann Ki Baat’ .
when an aggrieved woman approaches the one stop centre for help either in person or if anybody approaches on her behalf , the case details will be fed in to a system as per the prescribed format and a unique number will be generated .
crowding
before the cyclone season
do n't attempt to remove standing water using your vacuum cleaner .
where necessary , home-based water treatment , such as boiling , filtering , adding chlorine or disinfecting with sunlight , should be used to purify the water .
maximum no . of bulbs owned by a household
find out name , designation and address of first appellate authority from the decision letter of passport seva kendras .
He inspected facilities in the hospital .
other forms of energy are also converted to electrical energy .
­consolidation of past initiatives and best practices .
the term of office and conditions of service of members of the national authority shall be such as may be prescribed .
He said Swachhata – or cleanliness – is a simple mechanism of preventive healthcare .
presence of various stakeholders of the digital payment ecosystem , like banks , wallets , telecom service providers , other financial service providers , unified payment interface at these digidhan melas provided the opportunity to the citizens – both consumers and merchants – to get educated about digital payment options available , the ease of use and also benefit from hand holding provided by the service providers which would encourage wide-scale adoption of digital payments methods .
tips to stay safe on social networking sites for students
He will address a diverse gathering , consisting of farmers , scientists , entrepreneurs , students , government officials , and legislators .
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in resolution of grievances related to income tax .
He assured the retiring members that the doors of Parliament and PMO are always open for them , and urged them to continue sharing their thoughts on vital issues of the day .
rewarming is accomplished by immersion of the affected part into a water bath of 40 - 42 degrees celsius .
for this the the certification distance has been prescribed as 180 meters .
this is usually easy to identify as the casualty will be lying unconscious near an electrical appliance or cable .
seeds of cattle fodder
It will help all the States and Union Territories of India to adopt uniform dam safety procedures which shall ensure safety of dams and safeguard benefits from such dams .
research has shown that most injuries occur when people inside buildings attempt to move to a different location inside the building or try to leave .
At Gorakhpur , Prime Minister will launch the PM-KISAN scheme .
limitations in using composted coir pith
Who amongst us would not have enjoyed playing Gilli-Danda in our childhood ?
· The training programs , research activities and projects conducted by the Institute in partnership with public and private sector in the niche areas of Corporate Governance will enhance the skill sets resulting in increased employability of students as well as professionals .
candidates belonging to one state but studying in another state will be awarded scholarship by the state to which they belong and will submit their applications to the competent authorities in that state .
skill sub-mission  : leveraging public infrastructure
unchecked bleeding can cause shock or even death .
a tsunami may be coming within minutes .
The foundation stone of roads under central road fund ( CRF ) will be laid through the press of button .
a clot usually forms in areas damaged by atherosclerosis a disease in which the arteries are clogged by fatty deposits ( plaques ) .
State Climate Change Centers have been set up in seven North-Eastern States .
salt growers
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to the martyrs of the Jallianwala Bagh massacre .
in addition , central / state government affiliated training providers would also be used for training under the scheme .
“India is proud of Mirabai Chanu , who has won a gold at the World Weightlifting Championship .
empirical evidences suggest that assured or protective irrigation encourages farmers to invest more in farming technology and inputs leading to productivity enhancement and increased farm income .
Explaining how comprehensive the PMJAY is , the Prime Minister said it would cover 1300 illnesses , including serious illnesses such as cancer and heart disease .
promoting efficient water conveyance and precision water application devices like drips , sprinklers , pivots , rain - guns in the farm ( jal sinchan )  ;
this law makes it an offence to  :
He called upon the students to be at the centre of changing trends across the globe .
what is the time period for supply of information  ?
as this area degenerates it leads to scarring or hardening ( `` sclerosis '' ) in the region .
Memorials are reminders of sacrifices , of those whose contributions now enable us to live a better life .
step iii - upload one passport size colour photograph in the space mentioned in the form .
clinical signs - huddling , droopiness , diarrhoea , weakness , pasted vent , gasping , and chalk-white feces , sometimes stained with green bile .
environment protection act 1986
how is rabies diagnosed  ?
soups
I am informed that the State has a hydro-power potential of 2100 Mega-Watts , of which we have so far tapped only a fraction .
in the third phase from 2019 to 2023 , state-of-the-art , future-proof network , including fiber between districts and blocks , with ring topology to provide redundancy would be created .
children who are 6 months of age or older should be encouraged to breastfeed , eat and drink frequently .
The 750 bed annexe of Guru Gobind Singh hospital will be dedicated to the nation by the Prime Minister .
e-mails
Launched by NDA Government in April 2003 , ECHS provides quality medicare to 54 lakh ex-servicemen pensioners , their dependents and a few other categories .
We can distribute ARMED FORCES FLAGS on this occasion .
Thus , India’s foodgrain procurement programmes at Minimum Support Prices remain protected .
This is the seventh interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with various beneficiaries of Government schemes .
extent and pattern of financial assistance
good nutrition
slow progress may be normal or may be due to inadequate nutrition , poor health , lack of stimulation or a more serious problem .
the identification of new varieties and their rapid increase under appropriate and generally accepted names .
PM said , “Greetings on World Consumer Rights Day .
The Prime Minister felicitated the Sarpanches of villages which have achieved 100 percent smokeless kitchens , 100 percent vaccination under Mission Indradhanush , and 100 percent electrification under Saubhagya Scheme .
The Cabinet in December , 2013 decided as below :
Now , the consumer knows how much tax he has paid to the state government and how much to the central government .
copy of the admit card for the examination passed & mark sheet issued by the respective examination authority duly countersigned by the authorized representative of the unit .
fastag has unlimited validity .
note  : compulsory non-refundable fee charged by recognised institutions against free and paid seats of recognised courses can be fully reimbursed as per the fee structure approved by the competent state/central government authority .
locate passport seva kendra and laghu kendra
Without proper connectivity , the economic development of a nation slows down , he asserted , adding that the Government has focused on port infrastructure .
to police
21 metre x 26 metre ( within 15 km from advertised location ) ( gramin vitrak )
a corner of your bedroom is often a good place to meditate .
medical causes ( pregnancy related complications )
your account has to be unified payment interface activated or you need to have a debit card .
it is strongly recommended that you give them aadhaar to assist them .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of versatile actor Shashi Kapoor .
make sure you know how to block others from calling your phone
most banks have staff dedicated to matters like this .
Memorandum of Understanding on Maritime Security Cooperation Between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar
genetics  : bone disorders can run in the family .
promotion of affordable housing for weaker section through credit linked subsidy
this section gives the details about national e-governance plan 2 .0 initiatives , resources and various e-governance initiatives at state level .
a digital signature takes the concept of traditional paper-based signing and turns it into an electronic `` fingerprint . ''
any other documents you want to submit in support of your claims
sixty percent moisture is to be maintained
a different variety of landslides , characterized by a lateritic cap , pose constant threat to the western ghats in the south , along the steep slopes overlooking the konkan coast besides nilgiris , which is highly landslide prone .
The Prime Minister will attend the Closing Ceremony of the Birth Centenary Celebration of the 19th Kushok Bakula Rinpoche in Leh .
defined area ( i .e . , unit area of insurance ) is village/village panchayat level by whatsoever name these areas may be called for major crops and for other crops it may be a unit of size above the level of village/village panchayat .
energy and watershed development
in case of change in app , a person needs to re-register and it depends on the bank whether same virtual can be used with necessary checks they can establish .
not be a family member of employee of piped natural gas as on date of application .
care
display a citizens charter in the health facility and ensure its compliance through operationalisation of a grievance redressal mechanism  ;
there are three ways to register and get a jeevan pramaan .
Construction of new AIIMS is fully funded by the Central Government .
inability to pass urine or burning while urination
The Prime Minister has put into practice the ideas of Mahatma Gandhi and showcased how his ideas remain relevant even in 21st century .
if an area is not actively bleeding , it should not be cleaned .
relatives of the husband or the male partner
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today lit the eternal flame , to mark the dedication of the National War Memorial in New Delhi , to the nation .
electronic toll collection systems use vehicle-to-roadside communication technologies to perform an electronic monetary transaction between a vehicle and the toll collection agency .
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister congratulated all those who have been conferred the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO team on the successful launch of GSLV-F08 with indigenous cryogenic stage .
while providing the new connections to below poverty line households , priority would be given to the states which have lower lpg coverage ( compared to the national average ) as on 1st jan , 2016 .
wherever malaria is present , children are in danger .
usage examples and samples
11 . President Solih reaffirmed his government’s “India-First Policy ” , and commitment to working together closely with India .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Y4D New India Conclave in New Delhi .
He said that India is going through a great transformation today .
it should run the swadhar greh on a no – profit basis .
The Prime Minister said that defence cooperation is one of the key pillars of the Strategic Partnership between India and France , and called for greater cooperation in the ‘Make in India’ framework in defence manufacturing and joint research & development .
need based city specific urban health care system to meet the diverse health care needs of the urban poor and other vulnerable sections .
the blue whale challenge is an online game .
who will implement this scheme  ?
the national school safety policy guidelines apply to all schools in the country – whether government , aided or private , irrespective of their location in rural or urban areas .
reduces about 25 kilograms of air pollutants .
next of kin to deposit original subscription voucher and produce copy of ( i ) death certificate and ( ii ) legal heir certificate from other legal heirs/undertaking as per standard format .
Farmers also took note of Union Government’s intervention to the tune of Rs . 1175 crore as interest subvention support for 30 lakh metric tonnes of buffer stock by mills , to enable payment to farmers .
milk and milk products
this 5 kg equally divided into five portions and in alternative layer of coir pith one kg of urea should be applied .
whenever possible , milk or other dairy products , eggs , fish , chicken and meat should be included in the diet .
technology for justice
blood pressure is generated by the heart pumping blood into the arteries and regulated by the response by the arteries to the flow of blood .
it is physically impossible to do that .
apply firm pressure on cramping muscles or gentle massage to relieve spasm .
if she is not able to do this within 6 months , the local authority can grant an extension for up to 3 months if there are good reasons .
He complimented GFSU for creating an international human resource pool in the fields of criminal investigation and justice delivery .
occupational support and advisories
implementation plan
There is a provision of giving five lakh rupees per annum health assurance for each family .
even though urban flooding has been experienced over decades in india but sufficient attention was not given to plan specific efforts to deal with it .
the objective of the scheme is to award scholarships to meritorious students belonging to economically weaker sections of minority community so as to provide them better opportunities for higher education increase their rate of attainment in higher education and enhance their employability .
all children living in congested conditions , particularly in refugee or disaster situations , should be immunized immediately , especially against measles .
select a convenient channel to transfer money
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has greeted people on the occasion of Guru Purnima .
citizens can also seek certification of their own antecedents .
The children explained in detail , their special achievements , and shared their inspirational stories .
need based inputs
“India is proud of Dipa Karmakar!
healthy bones provide a strong foundation , allowing mobility and protection from injury .
promoting healthy behaviours and mobilizing for collective action for better health outcomes
capacity building ,
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has given its ex-post facto approval on the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Croatia in the field of tourism .
the cost of houses would be shared between centre and states .
food products sector -
fish contains special type of oil which helps in blood sugar management , so consumption of fish is encouraged 3-4 times a week .
Work is already on in the construction of the tri-lateral highway through Myanmar and Thailand to connect to other countries in South East Asia .
as long as the child is protected from danger , struggling to do something new and difficult is a positive step in the child 's development .
the act has also proposed a legal framework for the authentication and origin of electronic records / communications through digital signature .
what does this law do  ?
article 45 of the constitution directs the state to provide free and compulsory education for all children ( including the disabled ) until they attain the age of 14 years .
sharp bends and l-joints in the pipe can lead upto 70 % more frictional loss than standard bends .
anxiety ,
the scheme can be purchased offline as well as online through life insurance corporation of india which has been given the sole privilege to operate this scheme .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Lucknow on 28th and 29th July .
He also dedicated to the nation , the Dahod Railway Workshop and Patan-Bindi Railway Line and laid the foundation stone of Lothal Maritime Museum .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Sampla , Rohtak on October 9 , 2018 .
facilitate the mainstreaming of disaster management concerns into the developmental planning and processes
teach the child to avoid dangerous objects
gold depositors can also give their gold directly to the refiner rather than only through the collection and purity testing centres .
basic life support techniques
high densities of birds
His belief in Yuva Shakti was unwavering .
introduction of new livelihood component with earmarking of project fund under watershed projects i .e . 9 % of project fund for livelihoods for assetless people and 10 % for production system & micro-enterprises
too many births , births too close together and births to adolescent girls under 18 and women over 35 endanger the lives of women and adolescents and their infants .
· An ex-gratia assistance of Rs . 2 lakh to the next of kin of the deceased , and Rs . 50 ,000/- to each of those seriously injured due to the cyclone have been sanctioned under the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund ( PMNRF ) .
providing micro-insurance to the people .
mumbai floods of july 2005 turned out to be an eye-opener .
stay involved in cultural , spiritual , financial and civil affairs
section 10 .6 .1 of national policy on disaster management discusses the introduction of subject of disaster management in the curriculum through the central and state boards of secondary education .
common publicity expenditure will be borne by government .
according to dr manjari tripathi , the surgery called hemispherectomy is effective for 20 per cent of epileptic patients who do not get better with medical therapy .
boys should also learn about menstruation and be aware of girls ' particular hygiene needs .
At the invitation of Prime Minister Löfven , Prime Minister Modi paid an official visit to Stockholm on 16-17 April 2018 .
her/his parents ’ /guardian ’ s income should not exceed rs . 2 .00 lakh per annum .
utility bill payments , over the counter payments , barcode ( scan and pay ) based payments .
this is optional .
( Nursing ) students per year .
in case you do not have above common proofs , certificate of identify having photo issued by gazetted officer/tehsildar on letterhead is also accepted as proof of identity
there is no need for pit or cement tub to make the compost .
exclusively breastfed from birth through the first six months on demand and at least eight times in a 24-hour period , contributing to bonding between the infant and the mother and giving the baby immunity against infections
what is banking ombudsman scheme  ?
what are primary headaches  ?
Cooperation between Indian Institute of Mass Communication ( IIMC ) and Jordan Media Institute ( JMI )
tendu leaf collectors
the different crops give strength and stability to the pond embankment , prevent soil erosion and do not allow pond water to turn unduly turbid .
the older women above the 55 years of age may be accommodated for maximum period of 5 years after which they will have to shift to old age homes or similar institutions .
a issues a cheque to b for rs . 1 ,000 . before b can deposit the cheque , a issues instructions to her bank to stop payment of the cheque .
( acquiring or creating resources identified under sub-clause ( i )  ;
note 1  : since it is clearly mentioned under the above ( condition of eligibility ) of these regulations that the scholarship will be given for the study of all recognised post-matriculation or post-secondary courses pursued in recognised institutions , the list of courses grouped ( i to iv ) is , thus , only illustrative and not exhaustive .
rupay , in january , 2013 set up special project unit- kisan credit card with a mandate for encouraging cooperative banks and regional rural banks across the country to issue banks debit cards .
He said the State Government is working for the betterment of various sections of the society .
PM will lay the Foundation Stone of Coach Refurbishing Workshop in Jhansi .
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has has approved the strengthening of the mechanism for resolution of commercial disputes of Central Public Sector Enterprises ( CPSEs ) inter se and also between CPSEs and other Government Departments/Organizations .
provides basic banking transactions like checking account balance , sending money , mobile management .
organisation of youth programmes ;
the gram panchayat functionaries would be responsible for design , implementation , operation and maintenance of solid and liquid waste management systems with support from respective state governments .
selection of pond
onetime registration of students
health plan for each village through village health committee of the panchayat .
Any society that does not innovate will stagnate .
the exit from the swavalamban scheme would be on the same terms and conditions on which exit from tier-i account of retirement solutions limited is permitted , that is , exit at age 60 with 40 % minimum annuitisation of pension wealth and exit before age 60 with 80 % minimum annuitisation of pension wealth .
the pump you select should be suitable for your well and your water requirements .
this helps wash the germs from the nose and sinuses .
on accommodation of the feedback , the citizen can screen the redressal of his/her input through this application .
besides this , you can decide the bank account in which you would like your benefits/money to be transferred . .
there is a need for a more practical linkage between the national , state and local governance structures so that the overall well- being of children and teachers as well as their families can be promoted .
other complications that can develop after delivery are anemia and fistulae .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the mechanism and procedure for sale of the enemy shares .
in 80 per cent of cases , the cause is high blood pressure and hypertension , which needs to be controlled to a permissible level .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the scheme of recapitalization of Regional Rural Banks ( RRBs ) for the next three years i .e . upto 2019-20 .
15th week
person in possession of the cylinder/s , pressure regulator and subscription voucher of an authorized customer is available / missing
the coin will be the first ever national gold coin will have the national emblem of ashok chakra engraved on one side and the face of mahatma gandhi on the other side .
concept and definition with examples , emphasis on restoring balance , enhancing sinks and reducing emission through renewable energy technologies .
The Prime Minister said that today people are expressing their desire for cleanliness in one voice .
nutritional problems
however , all india services pensioners may send the self-certified copy of pension payment order through the nodal officer of the concerned state .
it is also essential that pregnant women are immunized against tetanus to protect themselves as well as their newborns .
Welcome to Delhi .
using jeevan pramaan , a pensioner can now digitally provide proof of his/her existence to authorities for continuity of pension every year instead of requiring to present himself/herself physically or through a life certificate issued by specified authorities .
hydrogen as a fuel
He said that it is due to the people of Uttar Pradesh that the nation has got a strong and stable Government .
introduction
precautions to be taken during and after the chemical ( industrial ) accidents
the centralised technology infrastructure of the aadhaar will enable 'anytime , anywhere , anyhow ' authentication .
how is the common cold spread
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Mahatma Gandhi International Sanitation Convention ( MGISC ) in New Delhi .
3 . Introduction of new Time Related Continuity Allowance ( TRCA ) will be as below :
a balance between representation of marginalized and education should be maintained .
foul-smelling lochia
earlier , a part of it was used for non - energy applications and rest was either flared or vented out in the atmosphere .
the implementation of pradhan mantri kisan sampada yojana will result in creation of modern infrastructure with efficient supply chain management from farm gate to retail outlet .
The Prime Minister recalled that on May 11 , 1998 , he surprised the world through the nuclear tests .
May the power of good and brightness always prevail , ” the Prime Minister said .
Shri Suresh Prabhu , Commerce and Industry Minister , India
type the word given below
Interacting with the Prime Minister , the awardees narrated their inspirational stories in transforming their schools into centres of learning and excellence .
in this type of stroke , a blood vessel in the brain bursts and spills into the surrounding brain tissue , damaging cells .
clear all objects away from the victim and place something soft under the head
register jobseeker , employer , local help counsellor and placement organisation
'sukanya samriddhi account ' can be opened at any time from the birth of a girl child till she attains the age of 10 years , with a minimum deposit of rs 250 .
above mentioned documents should be uploaded in your claim
The Prime Minister said that we want to make our youth job creators .
Sports university is being set up in North East .
construction rain water harvesting structures ( jal sanchay )
designated trade  :
however this is only required if you are between 18 and 21 years of age .
Government of India is working in mission mode to make India TB-free .
men are affected more often than women .
cut-off date for receipt of yield data
do not attempt to prevent the person from shaking or moving .
54 lakh houses have been sanctioned under Pradhan MantriAwaas Yojana ( Urban ) , since the inception of the scheme .
The proposed outlay is Rs . 100 crore to assist in formalization of approximately 2 ,00 ,000 jobs in the sectors .
wrong beliefs
as per the aadhaar ( targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies , benefits and services ) act , 2016 , only a resident who has resided in india for a period or periods amounting in all to 182 or more in the 12 months immediately preceding the date of application for enrolment .
Addressing climate change and promoting secure , affordable and sustainable supplies of energy are our shared priorities .
configure end user computer devices with parental control filters / antivirus of appropriate standard .
at least 10 % of the command area to be covered under micro/precision irrigation .
the scheme was launched on november 10 , 2014 .
animals exposing cold will be susceptible for many diseases and their growth rate will also be poor .
powers and functions of national authority
it is an national commission for protection of child rights initiative to help children report such crimes directly to the commission .
in cold climate , per animal floor space requirement can be reduced .
· 8th Meeting of the Agriculture Cooperation Working Group – 20 June ( Nelspruit )
understand numbers
realizing this , a central sector scheme of technology development was launched during 1993-94 to develop suitable technologies for the reclamation of wastelands for sustained production of food , fuel wood , fodder etc .
ensure timely disbursement of scholarships to students
health workers can provide parents and other caregivers with information on diets , hygiene and immunizations and how they protect against pneumonia and other illnesses .
The Prime Minister will then travel to Jharsuguda , where he will inaugurate the Jharsuguda airport .
unit of insurance
certain food increase blood sugar and sometime can cause health problems if taken in excess and without proper medical care , especially items like sweets , coffee / tea with more sugar or honey .
skill sub-mission  : infrastructure
how does aadhaar based bank help me as a beneficiary  ?
making the legal framework friendly to both , industry and youth .
The programme is expected to spur research and development within the country in niche science and technology domains .
regular vaccination especially against swine fever must be done at regular interval .
they could also do this as a hobby .
having minimum 60 % marks in minimum entry qualification i .e . 10+2/diploma/graduation or equivalent in case of new applicant . or for applicants applying under renewal category , it is mandatory to pass the each subsequent academic year of the professional courses being pursued by them with minimum 50 % marks .
commonly used tests include  :
further , the systems very often do not work to the designed capacities because of very poor maintenance .
water , sand , cardboard boxes , wooden building blocks , and pots and lids are just as good for facilitating a child 's play and learning as toys bought from a shop .
all girl students studying in classes xi only from government run schools affiliated to any board in india are eligible to apply based on criteria given below .
my profile
to encourage farmers to adopt innovative and modern agricultural practices .
keep safe the atm slip as a future reference .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will address two important video conferences on 31st December and 1st January .
early protection is critical .
supporting information
by providing a clear proof of identity , aadhaar will empower poor and underprivileged residents in accessing services such as the formal banking system and give them the opportunity to easily avail various other services provided by the government and the private sector .
snakes are cold-blooded .
in fact , epilepsy is treatable in most cases , but in india , 70 to 90 per cent of patients go without treatment in rural and under-served areas .
From Barauni , PM will move to Jharkhand where he will visit Hazaribagh and Ranchi .
document name
it is a fact that some of the rivers causing damage in india originate in neighboring countries  ; adding another complex dimension to the problem .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Agra in Uttar Pradesh tomorrow on 9 January , 2019 .
“ physical abuse '' includes hurt of any kind .
excessive loss of fluid through the intestinal tract can happen when the intestine is `` inflamed '' or damaged , or when bacteria or viruses cause the lining of the intestine to produce more fluid than can be absorbed .
preventing diabetes
guaranteeing social justice
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Solapur in Maharashtra tomorrow .
State Government and UT Administration will identify the farmer families which are eligible for support as per scheme guidelines .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved an ex- gratia of Rs . 2 lakh each from Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund for the next of kin of those who have lost their lives due to dust storm in various states of Northern India on 2nd May 2018 .
it contains 1 .4 per cent nitrogen , 1 .00 per cent phosphorus and 1 .4 per cent potassium .
whenever possible , the mentally retarded person should live with his own family or with his foster parents and participate in different forms of community life .
PM laid foundation stone for 624 MW Kiru Hydroelectric project and 850 Megawatt Ratle Hydro Electric project in Kishtwar , Jammu .
the aggrieved woman would be provided with an advocate of her choice in case she wants to engage the same to assist the state prosecutors in trying her case .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited BHU in Varanasi today .
however , students of neighbouring schools will also be eligible for staying in the hostel .
The Prime Minister will later address a gathering .
Subject to our domestic legal systems we will cooperate in anti-corruption law enforcement , extradition of fugitives , economic and corruption offenders and repatriation in matters relating to assets recovery and other related criminal and non-criminal matters involving corruption and call on the International community to deny safe haven to corrupt persons and proceeds of corruption .
abrasions /scratches
this will help them in guiding the job seeker with appropriate career guidance depending upon his/her requirement .
This success will bring benefits of our space programme to the common man .
a loss of feeling over the tip of the finger
why deworming is important
Sale proceeds are to be deposited as disinvestment proceeds in the Government Account maintained by Ministry of Finance .
He will also dedicate the Super Specialty Block of KIMS , Hubballi .
trenches are filled up to a height of 0 .5 above the ground .
He added that the Union Government is committed towards providing air connectivity to smaller cities through UDAN Yojana .
providing assistance for girls ’ advancement in technical education initiative
every teaching/practical staff member handling a class will take attendance till the last instruction day of the training program and the records will be kept with the organizing institution .
wards of central armed police forces personnel disabled while in service with disability attributable to government service .
citizens can either report a crime using the central digital police portal or through their state citizen portal
“My greetings to all friends in the media on National Press Day .
malaria is a serious disease spread through mosquito bites .
the right to education rules provide detailed guidance on implementation of the act on the ground .
for complete information about the scheme , click here .
to prevent osteoporosis you should eat a well balanced diet with adequate amounts of dairy products , which are the primary source of foods rich in calcium .
A New dedicated DD Channel , for Arunachal Pradesh – DD Arun Prabha will be launched by PM at IG Park , Itanagar .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Dr . Babasaheb Ambedkar on his Mahaparinirvan Diwas .
We will meet once again for ‘Mann Ki Baat’ next time .
The amendments in the MCA have been finalized after extensive consultation with the stakeholders .
decadal growth in non- farm work force participation .
encourage them to contribute to family and community activities .
employed students whose income combined with the income of their parents/guardians does not exceed rs . one lakh per annum shall be eligible for post-matric scholarships to the extent of reimbursement of all compulsorily payable non-refundable fees .
PM expressed appreciation for President Trump’s South Asia and Indo-Pacific strategies and commended his initiative for denuclearization of Korean Peninsula .
water , sanitation , and hygiene directly impact human health and have far reaching consequences when ignored .
difficulty performing familiar tasks  : people with dementia often find it hard to plan or complete everyday tasks .
fostering healthy habits including daily exercise and games
note  : if the scholar is found to have committed any one or more of the above after the scholarship amount has actually been paid to him/her , the amount shall be recovered forthwith from him/her or his/her parents .
what is phishing
impersonation , swapping
The MoU provides for constitution of Joint Working Group composed of equal number of representatives .
the portal provides information on basic concepts , diagnosis , treatment and related institutions and schemes related to ayush .
education for children .
for this purpose , start-up means an entity , incorporated or registered in india not prior to seven years ( in the case of startups in the biotechnology sector , the period shall be up to ten years ) , with annual turnover not exceeding inr 25 crores in any preceding financial year , working towards innovation , development , deployment or commercialization of new products , processes or services driven by technology or intellectual property .
move the person to a cool place under the shade
Late in the evening , the Prime Minister drove through the streets of Varanasi , evaluating the development of the city .
needs more composting than normal
He said that ‘Make in India’ program is making India a Global Hub for Electronics and Automobile Manufacturing .
The foundation stone was laid for the PanchkoshiParikrama Marg , and several projects under the Smart City Mission and NamaamiGange .
This will benefit about 48 .41 lakh Central Government employees and 62 .03 lakh pensioners .
national e-governance plan has been launched with the aim of improving delivery of government services to citizens and businesses .
MoU on cooperation in the field of Micro , Small and Medium Enterprises between India and RoK ( Nodal Agencies : NSIC – National Small Industries Corporation of India ) and ( SBC – Small and Medium Business Corporation of RoK )
causes
death certificate ( mandatory for category a & c )
The Prime Minister also saluted science lovers .
it doesn ’ t produce harmful emissions .
PM will declare 100% electrification of households in the State Of Jammu And Kashmir under SAUBHAGYA Scheme .
characteristically , there are no rales or respiratory sounds associated with aspergillosis .
legal rights of the disabled in india
breach of any order of the magistrate is an offence which is punishable under the taw .
it may be just a little pain in the knees that can affect the ability to do daily activities such as preparing food or picking up the morning newspaper .
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working on various schemes with clear targets and timelines .
faster exit for startups
Not only did this partnership continue , but our engagement has kept growing .
the pig dung acts as excellent pond fertilizer and raises the biological productivity of the pond water and consequently increases fish production .
Veer Surendra Sai is a well-known freedom fighter of Odisha .
in small poultry flocks , use a swab to remove plug from gasping birds .
children in the age group of 10 to 14 years studying either in recognized schools or belonging to families practicing traditional art forms are eligible for the scholarship .
an analysis of the frequency of cyclones on the east and west coasts of india between 1891 and 1990 shows that nearly 262 cyclones occurred ( 92 of these severe ) in a 50 km wide strip above the east coast .
PM KISAN is a Central Sector scheme with 100% funding from Government of India .
national voter service portal
the following services can be accessed on registration .
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar would spur the industrial development of Odisha , and work towards technology to improve the lives of the people .
oxygen deprivation
the disaster potential is particularly high during landfall in the north indian ocean ( bay of bengal and the arabian sea ) due to the accompanying destructive wind , storm surges and torrential rainfall .
In a message , Prime Minister said , “Country is proud of Odisha’s great culture and heritage .
The MoU will facilitate effective institutional interaction between both the Governments .
natural streams and watercourses have formed over thousands of years due to the forces of flowing water in the respective watersheds .
He said that the people of India have the confidence that India can be transformed and we can break free from some of the evils that entered our system .
parents and other caregivers should ensure that both girls and boys are equally provided with a varied and healthy diet and all immunizations .
PM emphasized that energy justice can be done only when people believe in their collective power .
alternately , you can also scan a code and pay via the 'scan & pay ' option .
• The details of the value addition that can be achieved with each phase of localisation will be finalised by the Mission with a clear Make in India strategy for the electric vehicle components as well as battery .
Shri Narendra Modi said that the commitment of Bihar Chief Minister Shri Nitish Kumar , towards the progress of the State is commendable .
unconsciousness
bank provides for real time reversals for technical declines and amount would be transferred back to the payer account immediately .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Kalaignar Karunanidhi .
alcohol use contributes to risks during adolescence for injury , violence , unprotected sex and suicide attempts .
fill up the form with necessary details like name , address , bank name , complaint category , description of complaint etc .
to have the guarantee of maintenance of standards of professional conduct and ethics by rehabilitation professionals in order to protect against the penalty of disciplinary action and removal from the register of the council
a person has to opt for the scheme every year .
funding mechanism  :
there will be no liability on the farmers for expenditure on certification .
The Prime Minister appreciated the presentations made by the young officers .
PM addressed and honoured them .
I am looking forward to my discussions with President Widodo on 30 May , as also to our joint interaction with the India-Indonesia CEOs Forum .
He said that the Union and State Governments have both worked together towards improving EoDB , in the spirit of cooperative , competitive federalism .
At Vastral Gam Metro Station ,Ahmedabad
discoms will prioritize strengthening of rural infrastructure work considering specific network requirement and will formulate detailed project reports of the projects for coverage under the scheme .
a critical enabler for promotion of safety at the school level is deeper understanding , sensitivity and overall capacity of the concerned stakeholders in relation to the issue of school safety .
75 % of the estimated annual premium of rs .750 , subject to a maximum of rs . 565 per family per annum .
eligibility
personal details like date of birth , date of superannuation , number and mobile number
One Swachh Innovation , one Swachh Best Practice , and one Swachh Entrepreneur will also receive awards from the Prime Minister .
He said that the ‘Prime Minister’s Science , Technology and Innovation Advisory Council’ will help formulate appropriate Science and Technology interventions , catalyze collaborations across stakeholder Ministries and implement multi-stakeholder policy initiatives .
candidates who after passing one stage of education are studying in the same stage of education in different subject
Asurgarh figures as an important political and commercial centre in ancient texts .
never open attachment links in your mobiles .
payments are made in the form of a national saving certificate to be issued by the local post office and given by the collector personally along with wide press coverage and messages about the health of the mother and health of the child .
He offered prayers at Sree PadmanabhaSwamy Temple .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today delivered the inaugural address at the 106th session of the Indian Science Congress .
packing material with participatory guarantee system logo + hologram printing @ rs . 2500 / acre x 50
in pursuance of a recent policy decision of the government , the labour and employment ministry is handing over the rashtriya swasthya bima yojna scheme to the ministry of health and family welfare with effect from 1st april 2015 .
an e-mail based helpdesk besides a mobile based application 'passport seva ' provides information on passport services .
benefits
NRTI opened its doors to the first batch of 103 students from 20 states of India , in two fully-residential undergraduate courses – BSc . in Transportation Technology and DBA in Transportation Management , the classes for which started from 5thSeptember , 2018 .
support the mother , father and family in preparing an emergency plan in the event complications arise
This scheme , he said , has helped in the development of the “personal sector , ” as a means of livelihood and self-employment .
concussions , where head injury occurs without bleeding
The Prime Minister suggested that planning for the 50th Governors’ Conference next year should begin immediately .
once the tissue is frozen the major harm has been done .
this means a woman with anemia in pregnancy needs to take at least 200 tablets of iron-folic acid during whole of pregnancy period .
The programme will cover all the Rural Population across the country .
He said the ‘Make in India’ initiative is not just an economic policy measure , but also a resolve of better ties with friendly nations such as South Korea .
Prime Minister congratulated the nation on theproud occasion of 75thanniversary of formation of Azad Hind Government .
what are the exams and tests for secondary headaches  ?
Other programs being supported through Ministries will have even more beneficiaries .
the action plan is divided across the following areas  :
problems associated with urban floods range from relatively localized incidents to major incidents , resulting in cities being inundated from hours to several days .
the composted material which is obtained from sieving is ready for use .
labour laws for the disabled
malaria
cheque payment
This is the Indian way .
health insurance- aam aadmi bima yojana
easily accessible
then a firm padded addressing covered with a piece of polythene must be applied over the wound and secured as firmly as possible , to prevent air being sucked into the wound and so into the chest cavity , thereby causing other possible complications
financial service providers and support staff will never ask their customers for sharing their private information such as passwords or payment account numbers over e-mail requests or phone inquiries etc .
children with disabilities shall have the right to free books , scholarships , uniform and other learning material .
Mentioning the Swachhata rankings of cities , the Prime Minister said they have engendered a positive , competitive atmosphere .
oldest , living and well documented medical tradition of the world
“I bow to the great Savitribai Phule on her Jayanti .
formulation of transparent policies for deployment and career development of human resources for health .
animal and human faeces should be kept away from houses , paths , water sources and children 's play areas .
good nutrition – an adequate , well balanced diet combined with regular physical activity – is a cornerstone of good health .
intraocular or drinking water method .
Prime Minister of the Czech Republic H .E . Mr . Andrej Babis is on official visit to India from 17-19 January , 2019 .
the steam in this second set of pipes rotates a turbine to generate electricity .
operation of account
credit linked subsidy scheme
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief on the demise of veteran hindi poet Kedarnath Singh .
He lauded the role of Tamil Nadu Government in the implementation of National TB Programme .
and as of the moment , there just isn ’ t any infrastructure that can support hydrogen as fuel .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has approved the signing of Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Tourism , Government of the Republic of India and the Saudi Commission for Tourism and National Heritage of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism .
scholarships will not be given to more than two students in a family .
which are heat without adequate ventilation/nests and nesting areas not dark enough
The Prime Minister underlined the Union Government’s resolve to reduce input costs for the farmer , and eliminate losses due to wastage of farm produce .
participate in family life , including childrens problems and spend time with them doing things that both can enjoy
please submit your registration details received through queries / email to know the approval status of your visit request
The Prime Minister also expressed appreciation for the coaches of the medal winners .
the school buildings shall preferably be ` a ’ class construction with brick / stone masonry walls with corporate sector roofing .
at standard temperature and pressure , hydrogen is a nontoxic , nonmetallic , odorless , tasteless , colorless , and highly combustible diatomic gas with the molecular formula h2 .
the national career service portal helps government departments to search for jobseeker matching their requirements and hire them .
banking tip  :
the present union government 's initiative is based on a successful operation titled `` operation smile '' taken up by the ghaziabad police , uttar pradesh during september 2014 .
give children under 6 months of age 10 milligrams per day ( tablet or syrup ) .
mental health
tarang sanchar portal
under the national rural health mission , the empowered action group states as well as north eastern states , jammu and kashmir and himachal pradesh have been given special focus .
community contribution and appropriate user charges for sustainable solid and liquid waste management initiatives are also desirable .
Various provisions like online payment of bills including BHIM APP , online booking of railway tickets , and electronic delivery of scholarships and pensions to bank accounts have greatly reduced the burden on common people , Shri Narendra Modi added .
Our Government has worked towards the good health and wellbeing of the people of India .
helps buy on cash-avail discount from dealers
agri inputs
animal faeces also need to be kept away from the houses , paths and areas where children play .
further , the fish also feed directly on the pig excreta which contain 70 % digestible food for the fish .
to have the right to be served by trained and qualified rehabilitation professionals whose names are borne on the register maintained by the council
examples include water flowing down a waterfall .
the employers interested to avail the benefits of the scheme must fulfill the following  :
to further accelerate this process , the central government has decided on a package of incentives and measures for promotion of digital and cashless economy in the country .
grant portion of the scheme is 60 % for other than special category states ( up to 75 % on achievement of prescribed milestones ) and 85 % for special category states ( up to 90 % on achievement of prescribed milestones ) .
protecting a spring with a spring box
fighting
be fuel efficient
change in name during lifetime of the customer
a wireless intruder could expose critical information .
feeding management
sub-missions
log in to state employment exchange website with your credentials .
the basic interoperable transaction types that the micro will support are  :
tobacco use generally begins during adolescence .
one of the early warning signals of a tsunami is that the sea water recedes several metres , exposing fish on shallow waters or on the beaches .
monthly escort allowance for severely disabled ( i .e . with 80 % or higher disability ) day scholars/students with low extremity disability
ask the insurance agent about the benefits from multi-hazard insurance schemes .
But today the two states of Meghalaya and Tripura have seen withdrawal of the Armed Forces Special Power Act ( AFSPA ) which was in force for three or four decades .
Minister of Minority Affairs .
refusal to issue or delay in issuing , or failure to service or delay in servicing or redemption of government securities
The MoU was signed in September , 2018 during the visit of the Vice-President of India to Romania .
the institutional architecture of atal pension yojana would be utilised to enroll subscribers under atal pension yojana
avoid storing sensitive material indefinitely on your computer .
Inaugurate 16 Model Degree Colleges , 66 Entrepreneurship , Innovation & Career Hubs in the country .
does not require data/ internet for performing transactions .
however in open air system more areas needed for animals , that is limitation particularly in ne region .
He had laid the foundation stone of this Institute in April 2015 .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Joint Issue of Postage Stamps by India and South Africa on the theme “125th Year of Mahatma Gandhi’s Pietermaritzburg Station Incident & Birth Centenary of Nelson Mandela ” .
`` local authority '' includes panchayati raj institutions , municipalities , a district board , cantonment board , town planning authority or zila parishad or any other body or authority , by whatever name called , for the time being invested by law , for rendering essential services or , with the control and management of civic services , within a specified local area  ;
families can help prevent pneumonia by making sure babies are exclusively breastfed for the first six months and that all children are well nourished and fully immunized .
a random number generated , devoid of any classification based on caste , creed , religion and geography
ensure that the baby is warm , breathing normally , and accepting and retaining breast milk , and that the cord is clean .
one attested copy of certificates/diploma/degree etc . , in respect of all examination passed .
Our motto is “Sab Ka Saath Sab Ka Vikaas’ .
At present there are 45 lakh Self Help Groups with active participation of around five crore women all over rural India .
national apprenticeship promotion scheme is to promote apprenticeship training in the country .
iv ) by post to your voters ’ registration
data collection and management
try to raise both arms over head at the same time .
this is simultaneously updated in the electronic vaccine intelligence network application and uploaded on a cloud server which can then be viewed by programme managers at district , state and national level through online dashboards .
step 6  : wash wrists
the state government/union territory administration can also directly cancel the award if duly satisfied of the reasons of violation of these regulations governing the scheme .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Vinesh Phogat on winning Gold in 50kg wrestling event at the 18th Asian Games 2018 in Jakarta- Palembang , Indonesia .
the 4 main features of the portal are  :
view reports
fire crackers ’ workers
similarly , crimes for which you have a right to bail ( or release upon signing a bond ) are known as ‘ bailable ’ crimes .
In their journey through Singapore and the region , the greatest of Indian thinkers Swami Vivekananda and poet Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore found a common chord that connects India to the East .
in addition to using insecticide-treated mosquito nets , or if mosquito nets are not available or used , other actions can help , but they are not nearly as effective as using mosquito nets  :
terrorist attack/ unrest leading to sabotage
the constitution of india has vested in the election commission of india the superintendence , direction and control of the entire process for conduct of elections to parliament and legislature of every state and to the offices of president and vice-president of india .
know your police station
folk , traditional and indigenous arts
nominated office of insurance company to issue a master insurance policy to each credit card covering all its revised kisan credit card scheme
PM said the diaspora is equally important in our resolve for a New India .
litter should be dried frequently .
He credited him with ending the superstition associated with Noida , by coming to this city .
tobacco use generally begins during adolescence .
affected birds remain quiet because breathing is difficult .
frequent falling
it was coined by henry peddington because the tropical storms in the bay of bengal and the arabian sea appear like coiled serpents of the sea .
ensuring that they not merely live longer , but lead a secure , dignified and productive life is a major challenge .
The signed MoU will provide impetus to explore newer research activities and application possibilities in the field of remote sensing of the earth ; satellite communication ; satellite navigation ; space science and exploration of outer space .
a t-shirt ( grey color ) with logo and a pant ( yellow color ) for both male/female .
uniform funding pattern of 90 :10 between centre & states .
There he will lay the Foundation Stone of Shikshan Bhavan and Vidhyarthi Bhavan .
tamarind
interview representatives of the gas , electric , and water companies about shutting off utilities .
applicants , those not belong to a to g category as mentioned under the column 4 ( order of preference ) .
About Ayushman Bharat , he said that 8 lakh patients have been benefitted under this scheme while the government has sanctioned more than 1100 crores rupees till date for the scheme .
26 Gold , 20 Silver , 20 Bronze , India bagged a tally of around 66 medals .
enhanced consumer confidence and improved brand image .
this will be achieved by strengthening the existing health care service delivery system , targeting the people living in slums and converging with various schemes relating to wider determinants of health like drinking water , sanitation , school education , etc . implemented by the ministries of urban development , housing & urban poverty alleviation , human resource development and women & child development .
large quantities of soil and water are needed which can be difficult to transport in some areas .
The government agencies at the Centre and the affected States swung into action .
muslin cloth for filtering
Prime Minister will unveil the plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of various development works of Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust .
There was a time when seeking an environmental clearance meant facing rampant corruption .
­ mainstreaming disaster management into the developmental planning process .
rashtriya swasthya bima yojana
scholarship for studying in any class will be available for only one year .
scheme for the urban poor
in order of preference , they are  : expressed breast milk ( from the mother )  ; donor breast milk ( only if the donor is antiretroviral-tested and the milk is correctly heat-treated )  ; and infant formula .
During the interaction , Prime Minister expressed delight in the collective strength displayed by the farmers through the formation ofFarmer Producer Group and FPO ( Farmer Producer Organisation ) , enabling them to get agricultural inputs at low cost and marketing their produce effectively .
a critical role is played by the government and the social partners , professional safety and health organizations in ensuring prevention and in also providing treatment , support and rehabilitation services .
He will also lay the foundation stone for the capacity expansion of the Mundra-Delhi petroleum product pipeline , and a greenfield marketing terminal project of HPCL , at Vadodara .
the account may be opened with an initial deposit of rs 250 and thereafter any amount in multiple of one hundred rupees may be deposited subject to the condition that a minimum of rs 250 shall be deposited in a financial year .
exposure of students of one state to alphabets , songs , proverbs and 100 sentences in the languages of the partner state .
a scientifically sound and economically viable production system integrating pig husbandry with fish culture has been evolved for indian conditions .
parents and other caregivers should consistently talk , read and sing to infants and young children .
for the victims of various cybercrimes , there is no one healing remedy .
He also visited the Complex and showed keen interest in the innovative spirit behind the project .
Shri Prakash Javadekar
cultural talent search scholarship scheme
The Prime Minister also recalled Sardar Patel’s vision of the administrative services as a steel frame .
Recognizing that enhanced exchanges in expanding maritime domain awareness ( MDA ) in the Indo-Pacific region contributes to regional peace and stability , they welcomed the signing of the Implementing Arrangement for deeper cooperation between the Indian Navy and the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force ( JMSDF ) .
does it have anything to do with exposure to cold weather
· It would also enable Indian nationals to get the employment opportunity in the Bank .
the gestation period does not matter if doctor feels that an immediate abortion must be conducted to save your life .
enter mobile pin and last 4 digits of account number ( optional ) .
He also mentioned initiatives taken by the State Government .
On Ease of Doing Business , the Prime Minister said his eighth announcement is related to pharma companies .
sensory nerves and the autonomic nervous system are generally unaffected , meaning the majority of people with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis will maintain hearing , sight , touch , smell , and taste .
the wet form may cause respiratory distress by obstructing the upper air passages .
remotely , online aadhaar-linked identity verification will give poor and rural residents the same flexibility that urban non-poor residents presently have in verifying their identity and accessing services such as banking and retail .
About half of India’s GDP comes from over forty crore workers in the unorganised sector , mostly working as street vendors , rickshaw pullers , construction workers , rag pickers , agricultural workers , beedi workers , handloom , leather and numerous other similar occupations .
all identified high risk women including those with complications to be managed and treated by specialist
india has already marked its presence as one of the fastest growing economies of the world .
most of these premature deaths were due to non-communicable diseases such as heart disease , stroke , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and lung cancer .
breeding management
India’s longest continuous naval exercise is with Singapore .
I am happy that with contribution and co-operation of state government , we have completed the project in an effective manner .
This win is even more special because it is India’s first Gold in the Asian Games-2018 .
before assisting a victim , protect yourself first .
in case you are unable to upload the supporting documents , the booth level officer will come to your residence to verify the information and will collect the required documents .
Earlier All India Institute of Medical Sciences New Delhi issued a Press Release informing that the Former Prime Minister , Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee passed away at 05 :05pm today .
heat waves typically occur between march and june , and in some rare cases even extend till july .
the highly pathogenic form produces facial swelling , blue comb and wattles , and dehydration with respiratory distress .
priority would be given to
protection is needed after sunset and before sunrise , when malaria mosquitoes bite .
He urged entrepreneurs and traders to move towards digital transactions .
the scheme provides pension in the form of immediate annuity during the lifetime of the pensioner with return of purchase price to the family/nominee on his/her death .
all ministries/ departments
if a voter has shifted to other polling area or constituency or they have died or wrong entry have been done then you can submit application for their name deletion
under the scheme , five crore lpg connections are to be provided to below poverty line households .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Suriname on cooperation in the field of electoral management and administration including exchange of knowledge and experience in the field of organizational and technical development of electoral process ; support in exchanging information , institutional strengthening and capacity building , training of personnel , holding regular consultations etc .
The two leaders will review the recent progress in the multifaceted cooperation between India and Japan under the framework of their ‘Special Strategic and Global Partnership’ and will set its future direction .
Leading CEOs and officials from Amazon ( India ) , Amway , Britannia Industries , Cargill Asia Pacific , Coca-Cola India , Danfoss , Future Group , GlaxoSmithKline , Ise Foods , ITC , Kikkoman , LuLu Group , McCain , Metro Cash & Carry , Mondelez International , Nestle , OSI Group , PepsiCo India , Sealed Air , Sharaf Group , Spar International , The Hain Celestial Group , The Hershey Company , Trent Ltd , and Walmart India were present at the meeting .
On 4th March at Jamnagar , PM will visit the Medical College Campus and launch various development works .
The Council shall , from time to time , review the implementation of the projects/schemes included in the project ; recommend effective measures for coordination among the state Governments for these projects etc .
pregnancy/lactation
yes , it is possible for you to get an abortion under the medical termination of pregnancy act , 1971 if your pregnancy is under 20 weeks .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has given its approval to create one post of Deputy Comptroller & Auditor General ( Coordination , Communication and Information System ) in Pay Level-17 ( by abolishing one STS level post ) in the Office of the Comptroller & Auditor General of India .
misplacing things  : a person with alzheimer ’ s disease may put things in unusual places  : an iron in the freezer .
water should be safely stored in a covered container that is clean on the inside and outside .
pre-conception and antenatal care  ;
Brothers and sisters , the country has huge expectations , the country has a lot of requirements and to fulfill those , it is imperative for the central government and the state governments to work together steadily and continuously .
do not consume the uncovered food/ water etc open to the air , drink only from bottle
if needed , such cases should be referred to higher level facilities and a referral slip with probable diagnosis and treatment given should be mentioned on the slip .
India is a leader in the multi-country International Solar Alliance and in Mission Innovation .
wash the wound  :
advice for parents and caregivers  :
high delivery point
states having fifth schedule areas
The programme will support hundred million poor families .
application of direct benefit transfer
the plan is based on the four priority themes of the “ sendai framework ,  ” namely  : understanding disaster risk , improving disaster risk governance , investing in disaster reduction ( through structural and non-structural measures ) and disaster preparedness , early warning and building back better in the aftermath of a disaster .
it is hoped that the new classification system will allow health care practitioners come to a specific diagnosis as to the type of headache and to provide better and more effective treatment .
a holistic definition of sanitation includes safe drinking water , liquid and solid waste management , environmental cleanliness and personal hygiene .
with the mild form of the disease , good husbandry , proper nutrition , and broad spectrum antibiotics may reduce losses from secondary infections .
The entire gamut of bilateral relations including important global and regional issues of mutual interest was discussed during the talks .
Speaking about the cleanup of ghost beneficiaries , PM said that earlier the development existed only on paper .
scholarship is payable from 1st april or from the month of admission , whichever is later , to the month in which the examinations are completed , at the end of the academic year , provided that if the scholar secures admission after the 20th day of a month , the amount will be paid from the month following the month of admission .
repair , restoration and renovation of water bodies
it doesn ’ t refer to being tense , nervous or hyperactive .
protect yourself—never agree to meet with the person or with anyone you meet online .
goods and services displayed and transacted through this portal should be legal .
a training facility is also set up for orientation of teachers .
prevention - eradication is the best and only sure control
usually indian diet is rich in salt , especially when using pickles , papad and adding more salt to food is quite common .
total number of scholarships
In India , we are upgrading connectivity at all levels .
they should make both girls and boys feel equally valued as they encourage them to learn and explore – this is important preparation for school .
it must be noted , however , that sulfa drugs are not fda approved for use in pullets older than 14 weeks or for commercial laying hens .
proof of age , such as birth certificate , school leaving certificate etc .
it also provides an option for scheduling push and pull transactions for various purposes like sharing bills among peers .
users can view audio visual short films to get educated about election processes .
Speaking of connectivity related progress , the Prime Minister said that work is in full swing for the Poorvanchal Expressway .
( 1 ) dispose of faeces safely in a latrine or toilet ,
certified seed - 99 .0 %
He said the goal of the Union Government is to make the transport sector integrated , and state-of-the-art .
duration of the scheme
prepare and share with the partner states a book containing information on their culture , customs , traditions , flora & fauna etc . for dissemination to schools and colleges .
many factors can increase your risk of a stroke .
innovations and flexible financing and also interventions for improving the health indicators .
eligibility
cut the umbilical cord at the appropriate moment and care for it
breastfeeding mothers need to eat even more than they did while pregnant , as breastfeeding places great demands on nutritional reserves .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 26 kg
it is not only the event of flooding but the secondary effect of exposure to infection also has its toll in terms of human suffering , loss of livelihood and , in extreme cases , loss of life .
rupay card is uniquely positioned to offer complete inter-operability between various payments channels and products .
the affected part should be immersed for 25-40 minutes .
such costs can also be borne out of the estate of the mentally ill person .
Congress misuses Article 356 several times…but Modi is destroying institutions .
during a rape , if the accused injures the woman so badly that that she dies , or goes into a vegetative state , he can be given the death sentence , or jail of 20 years - life .
the increase in height retains the temperature generated in the coir pith compost process .
as per gazette notification of ministry of finance , dated 1st june 2017 , individuals are required to provide aadhaar number for linking all their bank accounts before 31st dec 2017 .
warning signs to watch for  :
In his address , the Prime Minister congratulated all the members of the committee for creative and practical suggestions .
some of the challenges in this game are listed below .
epilepsy occurs due to abnormal discharges from the brain .
the abdomen becomes enlarged .
the computer as a target  :
the scheme will be announced by the concerned state government/ union territory administration well in time , by giving advertisements in the leading language newspapers local dailies and by using other suitable publicity media .
national school safety policy guidelines
wider options for the apprentices - integration with other schemes courses under apprenticeship training will be linked with apprenticeship training .
the scheme is being implemented by the government through the coir board under its coir vikas yojana .
the acts which have been criminalized include  :
minimum entry age  : 60 years ( completed )
For too long , the world has seen crude prices on a roller-coaster .
at present only central government civil pensioners , defence civilians and defence retirees are eligible for registration under sankalp .
the village should have adequate facility for sports and other physical activities .
decadal growth in non- farm work force participation .
essential qualification -
the arthritic form follows the acute form .
Highlighting the importance of connectivity and education , he said , “Education leads to human resource development .
He wrote “India is a land of diversity .
each participant/group shall be given an access to proper toolkits for working in the lab/site .
avoid downed power lines and stay away from damaged buildings and bridges from which heavy objects might fall during an aftershock .
advices
using the web browser is easy , to do things online , but there can be some hidden dangers including exposure of sensitive personal information and infection by malware , which includes viruses , spyware , and adware .
This innovative idea , inspired by the Prime Minister , will be a catalyst for transformation of rail and transport sector towards New India .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has condoled the sad demise of Shri Manohar Parrikar , Chief Minister on 17th March , 2019 at Panaji , Goa .
death often occurs before 18 months of age .
drinking water - points to consider
talk to your son or daughter about the dangers of using tobacco , alcohol or other substances .
if the mother is confident that she can provide sufficient amounts of a quality breast milk substitute , properly and hygienically prepared with clean water , then she can opt to stop all breastfeeding and begin using the breast milk substitute .
They carry content in a language that is easily understood by people .
Government is making efforts to close all the leakages .
the disability as per the persons with disabilities ( equal opportunities , protection of rights and full participation ) act , 1995 is defined as blindness , low-vision , leprosy-cured , hearing impairment , locomotor disability , mental retardation and mental illness .
this type of stroke is commonly caused by the rupture of an aneurysm , which can develop with age or be present from birth .
girls ’ hostel scheme in educationally backward blocks
encouraging children to play and explore helps them learn and develop socially , emotionally , physically and intellectually .
key aspects of service transformation achieved by passport seva
When the previous Government was in power , a file for MSP was kept in cold storage for almost seven years .
tsunami warnings/watches are then generated based on pre-set decision support rules and disseminated to the concerned authorities for action , as per pre-decided standard operating procedure .
cooperation with agencies at the national , regional and international levels .
check and adjust belt tension frequently .
I acted and behold , service was joy .
winning spirit brings pride to world of skills , improves changing work habits to be more organized , goal setting to achieve goals , and simply performing higher quality work . they are  :
fund release
from 25 institutions , about 250 students will be visiting 16 iits and 6 nits ( to start with six nits are being considered ) per year .
whenever required , the nuclear facility is able to mobilise the services of the ambulance and paramedical staff at its site .
At a massive public meeting in Kareng Chapori , on the northern bank of the Brahmaputra ,the Prime Minister also flagged off the first passenger train passing through the bridge .
The process for selling these shares is to be approved by the Alternative Mechanism ( AM ) under the Chairmanship of Finance Minister and comprising Minister of Road Transport and Highway and Home Minister .
tell /inform their parents , if anything they see or read online worries them .
can a minor ( below 18 years of age ) open an account under pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana  ?
if bullied through chat or instant messaging , the “ bully  ” can often be blocked .
At a public meeting in Ghogha , the Prime Minister will inaugurate Phase 1 of the RO RO ( Roll on , Roll off ) ferry service between Ghogha and Dahej .
About 12% of emissions were offset by the carbon sink action of forestland , cropland and settlements .
chapter-iii of the act details about electronic governance and provides inter alia amongst others that where any law provides that information or any other matter shall be in writing or in the typewritten or printed form , then , notwithstanding anything contained in such law , such requirement shall be deemed to have been satisfied if such information or matter is -
adopting people ’ s participation as an end in itself – ensuring the involvement of all sections of society in all aspects related to the life of village , especially in decision- making related to governance
temperature requirements of different categories pigs , should be taken care while designing pig sheds in a given locality .
implementation
cholera usually occurs in situations where there is poor sanitation and overcrowding .
antiseptic ( savlon or dettol )
it usually is caused by the interaction of three factors  : an inherited tendency toward baldness , male hormones and increasing age .
seamless fund collection from customers-single identifiers
fluids may enter his windpipe and cause suffocation .
Foreign Minister Tilak Marapana is on a three-day bilateral visit to India .
safflower
prevention - establish and enforce a biosecurity program .
schools are , thus , advised to take the following measures to preempt any inappropriate and illegal activity through it enabled devices in schools  :
students who pursue their studies through correspondence courses are also eligible .
manager , life insurance corporation of india , 6th & 7th floor , jeevan parkash , 25 , kasturba gandhi marg , new delhi- 110001 . contact nos .
at the end of the suryamitra program , the host institute may arrange for placement of the “ suryamitra  ” by inviting , solar industries , companies , marketing companies , large contractors working with transco , discoms etc .
candidates belonging to one state but studying in other state will be awarded scholarships by the state to which they belong and will submit their applications to the competent authorities in that state .
“Saddened by the demise of Shri Balramji Dass Tandon , the Governor of Chhattisgarh .
male piglets which are unwanted and not fit for breeding purpose are to be castrated just after weaning and may be kept in the farm as fattener animal which later on may be sold for meat purpose .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the signing and ratifying of an Agreement between India and Philippines on co-operation and mutual assistance in customs matters .
computerized tomography is able to detect bleeding , swelling , and tumors .
validity of the quality mark and its renewal
power your home using solar photovoltaic energy -
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Mumbai tomorrow .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , on Sunday , dedicated to the nation , two newly built expressways in the Delhi NCR Region .
He said thatmore than five crore people have benefitted from Pradhan MantriJeevanJyoti Yojana , by paying a very low premium of around Rs . 300 .
pension funds private limited
many dangers of pregnancy and childbirth can be avoided if women have access to quality health care during pregnancy and childbirth and after childbirth .
Noting that the projects to be implemented under the Line of Credit would help augment the physical infrastructure in vital areas and enhance capacities in agriculture and transport , they resolved to implement mutually agreed projects expeditiously .
Over 11 crore loanshave been sanctioned under the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana .
the minimum size of houses constructed under the mission under each component should conform to the standards provided in national building code .
every child with benchmark disability between the age group of 6 and 18 years shall have the right to free education .
the administrative expenses of the mission will be borne from the budget of ministry of skill development and entrepreneurship .
the government of the state/union territory administration , to which they belong , in accordance with the procedure laid down by them in this regard , will pay the scholarship money to the selected students .
providing general advisory on different intellectual property rights to start-ups on pro bono basis
simplification and handholding
The Prime Minister noted that we are marking the anniversary of the Quit India Movement today .
This includes courses from Class 9th to Post-Graduation and also for lifelong learning .
the progressive degeneration of the motor neurons in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis eventually leads to their death .
however if a woman comes late in her pregnancy for registration , she should be registered and care given to her according to the gestational age ( duration of pregnancy ) .
why it is important  ?
this model provide 2 - 3 times higher manure than that conventional concrete floor pigpen .
chilies anthracnose leaf blight , leaf blight
the pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana will replace the existing two schemes national agricultural insurance scheme as well as the modified nais .
eligibility requirements for certification
Central University of Rajasthan , Bandersindri , Rajasthan
“Heartiest greetings to my dear friend Shinzo Abe on his big election win .
renewal of scholarship
Digital payments in India has grown significantly in last four years , making Indian economy digital and transparent .
the addition of composted coir dust improves soil texture , structure and tilth , sandy soil become more compact and clayey soil become more arable .
Australia is one of the important bilateral partners of India .
this should include information on how to prevent sexually transmitted infections , including hiv .
low pressure
little movement of arms and legs
Shri Narendra Modi will also visit the “Akshayvat ” in Prayagraj .
The Prime Minister pressed a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue .
the wound should be covered with a clean sterile dressing and medical attention should be sought .
The Prime Minister announced that women officers of Short Service Commission in the Indian Armed Forces would now be eligible for permanent commission through a transparent selection process .
if fresh poultry litter is applied , it is recommended @ 200 kg for one ton of coir pith .
promote storage of water in narrow mouthed container .
He inspected a tri-services guard of honour on arrival at the Air Force Station in Jodhpur .
avoid cooking during peak heat hours .
one of the tasks entrusted under icps to the state governments is the setting up of a child tracking system which will facilitate data entry and matching of missing and found children , and also enable follow up of the progress of children who are beneficiaries of the scheme .
He said the National Highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years .
the following integrated farming systems suitable particularly for hilly regions of the north eastern region are explained below in a concise manner .
source  : passport seva
you can use immediate payment service to transfer funds to your loved ones , pay merchants after shopping , pay bills and fees and pay for many more services listed below  :
The Prime Minister said that he looks forward to receiving President Macron in India at his earliest convenience .
pick any one – internet banking , mobile .
ministry of drinking water and sanitation , swachh bharat mission ( gramin )
show interest and become involved in your child 's school – remember that the mother , father and/or other caregiver ( s ) are a child 's first and most important teachers .
All PravasiBharatiya are now being linked to Passport Sewa and efforts are in to issue chip based E passport .
This will be debated further in the Plenary Session and it is expected that a comprehensive action plan would emerge for improving the higher education sector in the country .
working with patients and caregivers , these teams can design an individualized plan of medical and physical therapy and provide special equipment aimed at keeping patients as mobile and comfortable as possible .
a government employee , who is also a care giver of disabled child has been exempted from the routine exercise of transfer/rotational transfer subject to the administrative constraints .
when parents and other caregivers talk and interact with children in their first language , it helps children develop the ability to think and express themselves .
gumboro disease vaccine ( live strain )
ensure that no electronic / magnetic devices are attached with point of sale systems .
practicing your plan makes the appropriate response more of a reaction , requiring less thinking during an actual emergency situation .
The programme through the targets will strive to reduce the level of stunting , under-nutrition , anemia and low birth weight babies .
enter last 6 digits of card number from debit card .
consumption requirements of farmer household
Following is the text of the Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Russia .
‘Ayushman’ will provide affordable health insurance to 500 million Indians .
a golden yellow colour certificate is issued for this category of seed by the producing breeder .
most operating systems will let you know you when it ’ s time to upgrade – don ’ t ignore these messages .
The Prime Minister said that speed , scale and sensitivity are important to ensure the success of the Government’s initiatives .
7 . Joint development of multi modal terminals in India .
the chairperson of the national authority shall , in the case of emergency , have power to exercise all or any of the powers of the national authority but exercise of such powers shall be subject to ex post facto ratification by the national authority .
what is the approach adopted by us courts regarding cybercrimes  ?
they may ask you to place a finger on a sensor to authenticate to check that you and your aadhaar number are matched .
alzheimer ’ s disease
a confirmation screen will appear showing the one time password generated for your required action
the plan 's primary objective is to alert those populations at risk of heat-related illness in places where extreme heat conditions either exist or are imminent , and to take appropriate precautions , which are at high risk .
if you have to walk in water , walk where the water is not moving .
when we use fuel wood efficiently , our fuel wood requirements are lower and so is our drudgery for its collection
cashless attendance to all covered ailments
in every district , one recognition committee headed by a retired judge shall be constituted .
all fruit and vegetables that will not be cooked must be peeled after soaking them in treated water .
He mentioned various other initiatives taken for the agriculture sector .
objective
effects of computer controlled technologies and alarming influence of stress at work in many modern jobs pose serious safety , health and environmental risks .
because of their character , burns are most sustained by the exposed parts of the body  ; particularly the hands , wrists and head .
among these , one of the important act is right to information act , which is popularly known as right to information act .
PM said ,  ” Self-made and industrious , the contribution of Babu Jagjivan Ram can never be forgotten .
Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) of the Ministry of Culture ; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Environment , Forest and Climate Change .
appreciate one 's family .
fastag users don ’ t need to carry cash for toll transactions , and don ’ t need to worry about collecting the exact change
example 1  :
An MoU will be signed between the Ministry of Labour & Employment and the State Government outlining the modalities including transfer/absorption of Staff etc .
The Prime Minister said that the transformation of Kashi is now becoming visible .
India and US also share a common interest in protecting the homeland and vital infrastructures and in preventing disruption of global supply chain by terrorist attacks .
ease the left arm out behind the body
grant of certificate , issue of certification tags , labelling , sealing etc .
stoves , cookers or lamps must be converted to accept biogas but the gas itself burns without odour .
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working towards establishing an Ayurveda hospital in every district of the country .
Whatever I am today is due to the values I have learnt on this soil , among you all in Vadnagar , the Prime Minister said .
adolescents are full of energy , have significant drive and new ideas .
source  : national commission for protection of child rights
a child with measles needs to be kept away from other children , be examined by a trained health worker and be given a high dose of vitamin .
The Prime Minister said that India is proud of its scientists .
use a weather radio or stay tuned to a local radio or television station to keep informed of local watches and warnings .
for any fraudulent activity occurring on the user 's account in the scenarios like when phone is lost or stolen , an individual card stored in the wallet is lost or account has been hacked , appropriate points of contact for resolving the issues should be understood by the user .
customer care 1800 210 0104
Minister of Railways ; and Minister of Coal .
26 . The Prime Minister of India welcomed the decision of the Saudi side to join the International Solar Alliance .
the objectives of the national policy on disaster management are  : ­
the country has a democratized polity vis-à-vis the rule of law and a strong consumerism intake ability of the domestic market .
a rapid drop of over 10 % of weight is considered severe .
each aadhaar number will be unique to an individual and will remain valid for life .
administrative expenses for certification
He attended the Vibrant Gujarat summit on January 17 and 18 , 2019 , at Gandhinagar in Gujarat .
try a cool bath or sponging to reduce body temperature .
· Civil BRICS – 25 to 27 June ( Parktown , Johannesburg )
adhering to antyodaya – enabling the “ poorest and the weakest person  ” in the village to achieve well being
The video bridge connected over 50 lakh beneficiaries , including those from Common Service Centres , NIC centres , National Knowledge Network , BPOs , Mobile Manufacturing Units and MyGov volunteers .
· Insurance companies have also been advised to pay the insurance claims of people affected by Ockhi cyclone expeditiously .
no other milks contain these antibodies .
In addition , the Working Group may interact at any time using telephone or video conferencing .
Vaidya Rajesh Kotecha , Secretary , Ministry of AYUSH
children under 6 months of age should breastfeed frequently  ; older children should be given plenty of liquids and foods .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the scientists on National Science Day .
how and where to buy it
the disaster also caused a substantial geo-physical impact in indian ocean .
regularly inflate vehicle tyres
more than one bank account
user can check available balance of the bank account linked to his/her mobile number .
I particularly welcome and thank the 15 Partner Countriesof this edition of Vibrant Gujarat .
aadhaar authentication can be done both offline and online , online authentication through a cell phone or land line connection will allow residents to verify their identity remotely .
Decline in the Under 5 Mortality Rate ( U5MR ) to 39 in 2016 from 55 in 2011 .
initially , concentrate on just breathing , without trying to control or change your normal breathing pattern .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Indian community in Yangon , Myanmar .
provide voluntary and confidential hiv testing and counselling .
yes , it is legal to make children ( below 14 ) work in the family business .
the payment of 8 .33 % employees ' provident fund and 3 .67 % employees ' provident fund by the government will be made after the employer has credited the 12 % employees ' provident fund contribution of the employees with employees ' provident fund .
breast feed , or feed children from a clean , open cup .
enter 3 for fund transfer using mobile money identifier and mobile number and submit .
provided in case the second child is a twin , the scholarship under this scheme will be admissible to both the twins .
issues  :
if the centre of the cyclone is passing directly over your house there will be a lull in the wind and rain lasting for half an hour or so .
It has now been decided to align FDI policy on these sectors with FDI policy provisions on Other Financial Services .
study tour charges
skipping breakfast is also associated with weight gain .
type the word given below
they may die later from malnutrition and other illnesses .
for big cities and other districts having more than 40 lakh population or those districts where there is a need for additional support to the women , more than one swadhar greh could be established .
for any product or scheme related queries , we request you to please get in touch with respective product/scheme owner .
soak this overnight in a vessel containing 10 litre of water .
creating fake profile of someone is cyber crime  ?
presently , there are only 2 .82 lakh apprentices undergoing training against 4 .9 lakh seats .
levying of charges without adequate prior notice to the customer
older persons should have access to adequate food , water , shelter , clothing and health care through the provision of income , family and community support and self-help .
existing vulnerable schools need to be repaired to the desired level of resilience with regard to local disaster risks .
Let me tell you about one of our daughters from Kashmir who won a gold medal in a Karate Championship in Korea .
holding , cuddling and talking to the child stimulate brain growth and promote emotional development .
it is especially important to take care of the breasts and the genital area by washing often with clean water  ;
“Institutions of National Importance ” status for NIFTEM , Kundli , Haryana & IIFPT , Thanjavur , Tamil Nadu
adolescent health
The Prime Minister will also visit Vijay Ghat to offer floral tributes to former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri on his birth anniversary .
the central government petroleum shall give incentive by offering a discount at the rate of 0 .75 % of the sale price to consumers on purchase of petrol/diesel if payment is made through digital means .
the citizen is expected to benefit from digital india land record modernisation programme in one or more of the following ways  ;
`` at ( the age of ) four , shaking started in the legs , spread to the whole body .
that the tender age of children are not abused  ;
book allowance for students pursuing correspondence /distance education courses
skimming
PM will lay the foundation stone of doubling of 425 km long Jhansi-Manikpur and Bhimsen-Khairar railway lines .
idiopathic intracranial hypertension , once named pseudotumor cerebri , where the pressure is too high in the cerebrospinal fluid within the spinal canal .
malaria during pregnancy contributes to nearly 20 per cent of low-birth weight babies in endemic areas , plus anaemia , stillbirth and even maternal deaths
Following is the text of the Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Philippines .
products will be displayed for a minimum period of 30 days and may be re-exhibited after a break of 30 days .
this section provides for an additional rebate from the net tax payable by a resident individual who has attained the age of 65 years .
We have launched this year AYUSHMAN Bharat , the National Health Insurance Scheme .
for sharing your e-document ( mentioned as uniform resource identifier under ‘ digital documents ’ subsection or under ‘ uploaded documents ’ subsection ) you need to click on ‘ share ’ link provided against the document you would like to share .
He said the projects launched on the day , will transform the lives of people in Kanpur and Uttar Pradesh .
while it is not clear what events cause the abnormal nerve function linked to parkinson 's disease , there are certain conditions and medication that can cause parkinson 's disease-like symptoms .
chemical and any hazardous materials in the school laboratory should be handled and stored as per instructions to prevent any harm to students and school staff .
body temperatures more than 37 .5 oc or 1000 f
Details are as follows :
importance of a high protein diet , including items such as black gram , groundnuts , ragi , whole grains , milk , eggs , meat and nuts or any other locally available food items for anemic women .
the particular state quality coordinators of the nodal department executing pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana will respond to the citizen within defined timelines .
bathing can expose the body to several diseases , leptospirosis and diarrheic diseases .
energy is the capacity of a physical system to perform work .
after an injection , the child may cry or develop a fever , a minor rash or a small sore .
effortless authentication process
however , move away from buildings , trees , streetlights , and utility wires .
age proof
the compost is ready for application within five to six months .
however , in the recent past , even these areas have experienced devastating earthquakes , albeit of lower magnitude than the himalayan earthquakes .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment .
the scheme would be implemented through national skill development corporation .
existing school buildings shall be provided with additional doors in the main entrances as well as the class rooms if required .
hereditary pattern baldness
She has not been hailed as Goddess of women empowerment just for nothing!
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) on cooperation in the field of regulation of medical products for human use amongst the medicine regulatory agencies of the BRICS countries .
Lalitgiri in Odisha is a famous Buddhist centre of archaeological importance , comprising Stupa , Viharas ( monasteries ) and images of Lord Buddha .
source  : national scholarship portal
review & approve contracts of apprenticeship
the salient features of state level nodal agency are as below  :
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing the Joint Interpretative Declaration ( JID ) between India and Colombia regarding the existing Agreement for the Promotion and Protection of Investments between India and Colombia signed on November 10 , 2009 .
The Prime Minister said , “Congratulations to P V Sindhu on emerging victorious in the Korea Open Super Series .
He added that under Saubhagya scheme , more than seventy six lakh free electricity connections have been provided in Uttar Pradesh .
change into fresh clothing after reaching safe place/ shelter , and wish hands properly
if possible , pick areas ( 30 meters ) above sea level or go as far as 3 kilometers inland , away from the coastline .
Minister of Finance ; and Minister of Corporate Affairs .
In BRICS we represent 42% of the world’s population .
monitoring of apprenticeship training .
climb up a crane or at least try to do it
during this time , many adolescents\appear to reject their parents ’ guidance , and withdraw from the close attachment they had with them when they were younger .
within the broad national parameters and priorities , states would have the flexibility to plan and implement state specific action plans .
good hygiene practices and use of safe drinking water protect against diarrhoea .
ministry , however , will have flexibility regarding inclusion of additional cities in earlier phases in case there is a resource backed demand from states .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways ; Minister of State in the Ministry of Shipping ; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers .
by ensuring that employers , employees and others have separate but complementary responsibilities and rights with respect to achieving safe and health y working conditions  ;
frequently asked question on united payment interface
sesame leaf spot
annaul retirement solutions limited maintenance cost per account
are kept away from anyone who has tuberculosis or has a cough with blood in the sputum .
The Union Government had constituted the Islands Development Agency on June 1st , 2017 .
sleeping patterns  :
spam mails and energy wastage
when the flow of blood is too low to deliver enough oxygen and nutrients to vital organs such as the brain , heart , and kidney , the organs do not function normally and may be permanently damaged .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi congratulated Bharat Ratna Awardees .
The Prime Minister congratulated all the award winners , their parents and schoolteachers .
Upgradation of STPs in Dholpur , Nagaur , Alwar and Jodhpur Projects under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana ( Urban ) in the districts of Bundi , Ajmer and Bikaner .
the persons with disabilities ( equal opportunities , protection of rights and full participation ) act , 1995
Residential complexes and allied facilities / services , broadly on the pattern of AIIMS , New Delhi .
talk to the child normally – do not use baby talk
listen to the radio ( all india radio stations give weather warnings ) .
hands arms , feet , legs , hips and chest become larger .
Fayyaz Ismail , Minister of Economic Development
the probability of a major accident at nuclear facilities leading to the release of large quantities of radioactivity into the environment is always ensured to be negligibly small .
PM has in the past inaugurated the 12 the edition of PETROTECH-2016on 5 December 2016 .
regional directorates of apprenticeship training under the control of directorate general of training will act as implementing agencies in their regions for central public sector undertaking and establishments operating their business in 4 or more states .
Made in Chennai , this train is going to have its maiden run between New Delhi and Varanasi today .
network segmentation and segregation into security zones - help protect sensitive information and critical services .
the government firmly believes that building and maintaining national preventive safety and health culture is the need of the hour .
He launched a Comprehensive Pension Management Scheme .
As per the MoU , Department of Posts , Ministry of Communications and the National Postal Operator of Armenia ( “HayPost ” CJSC ) mutually agreed to jointly issue Postage Stamps on India-Armenia :Joint Issue on the theme “Dence ” .
orphan pigs
In keeping with the PM’s vision to give a boost to spirit of Science , Technology and Innovation across the country , it will be the fifth Indian Science Congress to be addressed by the Prime Minister Shri Modi since he assumed office .
c . Mutual technical assistance , including exchanging of experts .
identity card issued by reputed employer/government department .
The Prime Minister will distribute e-tablets to health workers to mark the launch of ImTeCHO .
scholarship details
Japan can benefit tremendously with the size and scale of our potentials and skilled hands that India offers!
maternal antibodies will be present in chicks up to 2-3 weeks .
snakebite
cyber swachhta kendra
having a village song to instil a sense of pride among the people
attempts to deal with the growing number of reported phishing incidents include legislation , user training , public awareness , and technical security measures .
deen dayal upadhyaya bridges this gap by funding training projects benchmarked to global standards , with an emphasis on placement , retention , career progression and foreign placement .
pig housed covered completely under roof is most preferred to prevent draining of manure by rain water .
premature labour or underweight infants ,
the fund is released by the ministry of labour and employment under the scheme to the district national child labour project society and the district project society in turn releases the fund to the implementing agencies including the district administration .
India’s rank has risen to 100 in the latest report compared to 130 in the Doing Business Report , 2017 .
During his address , the Prime Minister also invited persons in the gathering , especially who have not visited India , on the occasion of Kumbha Mela in January 2019 to experience the cultural and spiritual tradition of India .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) on Cooperation in the field of Renewable Energy between India and Hellenic .
The Mission will ensure holistic and comprehensive growth of the battery manufacturing industry in India .
if a student has to repeat a class , she / he would not get scholarship for that class for a second ( or subsequent ) year .
the college students would be organised in two groups in summer and in winter , consisting of 32 students each group .
an initial review and analysis shall be carried out to ascertain the current status of safety , health and environment at workplace and building a national occupational safety and health profile .
do not use direct heat from stoves , heating pads , fireplace , etc as this can burn the skin .
bleeding may continue and become heavy .
non renewable energy sources constitute 80 % of the fuel use .
let them know that you will always be there to support them when needed .
“Kuldip Nayar was an intellectual giant of our times .
a cheque “ bounces  ” or gets “ dishonoured  ” when it is deposited or presented for payment but this promise is not honoured .
to meet trainer ’ s training requirement in each sector and geographical region across india .
a confirmation screen will appear displaying the available balance
the prime rules of the help routine are therefore doubly important and you must remember to keep calm and encourage the casualty , who will be shocked and frightened - be gentle with him - and act quickly yet systematically , always doing first things first .
wards of ex- central armed police forces personnel .
Govt . of Uttar Pradesh has already allocated Rs . 175 Cr . for this period during the financial year 2019-20 .
b ) proof of your age if you are between 18 and 21 years of age ( such as birth certificate , school leaving certificate etc . )
it is safe to immunize a child who has a minor illness or a disability or is malnourished .
appeal ( especially 2nd appeal ) or complaint to central information commission can be submitted only in that case if you want information from any central public authority
however , some of the aadhaar web based features like resident portal , eaadhaar , self service update portal , aadhaar linking status etc are geo-based policy enabled and therefore , will not be accessible from outside india .
do not be pressured into using tobacco , alcohol or other substances by people around you , or by images on television etc .
The project for compilation of “Dictionary of Martyrs ” of India’s Freedom Struggle was commissioned by the Ministry of Culture , to the Indian Council of Historical Research ( ICHR ) to commemorate the 150th anniversary of uprising of 1857 .
lay down policies on disaster management
malaria can cause severe anaemia , miscarriage , premature birth or stillbirth .
to check status , click here .
vision areas
hydrogen energy
do n't remove standing water in a basement too fast .
complaint application can be submitted on plain paper or any prescribed form given by bank
children are constantly changing and developing new abilities
you should find out if your home , school , workplace , or other frequently visited locations are in tsunami hazard areas along sea-shore .
guideline on preparing a heat wave action plan
undertaking cashless transactions , etc . and hence use it to actively participate in the process of nation building .
Upto 2013 , for the past 70 years the direct tax payers were only 4 crore people .
fish rearing is same as explained in the previous section .
aflatoxicosis  : very susceptible
India’s approach was guided by principles and provisions of UNFCCC and Paris Agreement particularly the principles of Equity and Common But Differentiated Responsibilities and Respective Capability ( CBPR-RC ) .
it is very nutritious and full of antibodies that help protect the baby against infections .
do n't try to arouse an unconscious person by slapping or shaking .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Indonesia on health cooperation .
it is estimated that the new scheme will ensure about 75-80 per cent of subsidy for the farmers in insurance premium .
5 . Seminar on Make in India to showcase the Success Stories of Make in India program & key interventions by the Government .
including zinc as part of the treatment for diarrhoea for 10–14 days helps to reduce its severity and duration , and also protects the child from future diarrhoea episodes for up to two months .
however , deposits outstanding under the gold deposit scheme will be allowed to run till maturity unless the depositors prematurely withdraw them .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare .
type 2 diabetes may remain undetected for many years and the diagnosis is often made when a complication appears or a routine blood or urine glucose test is done .
maximization of yield of all component enterprises to provide steady and stable income at higher levels .
He briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in the bilateral relationship as follow-up to the Prime Minister’s visit to France in June 2017 .
salient features
He said transparency in training and selection of athletes is reflecting in better performances by India in international sporting competitions .
schedule frequent follow-up visits to assess the health of the mother and her baby .
manufacture of wood products
in india 22 .5 % are adolescents .
ministry of women and child development , has formulated a centrally sponsored scheme for setting up one stop centre , a sub - scheme of umbrella scheme for national mission for empowerment of women including indira gandhi mattritav sahyaog yojana .
He will lay a wreath at the memorial , and light a candle at the Wall of Lost Souls .
International Conference on Science , Technology , Engineering and Mathematics ( STEM )
you can pick up form 6 , attach the documents in proof of your residence and age ( if you are between 18 and 21 ) and submit this to any of the following  :
what to do during an earthquake
to maximize returns to the farmers
Prime Minister will take a snaan at Triveni Sangam .
monitoring amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
corrective actions are taken on such packets , wherever possible , else a rejection letter guiding resident to re-enroll is dispatched to the resident .
application takes him straight to pay screen with all values pre-populated from the code which contained the standard link .
it does not emit any green house gases .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose on his birth anniversary .
gold monetisation scheme
• MOU on Cooperation in the fields of Animal Husbandry and Dairying between Department of Animal Husbandry , Dairying & Fisheries , Ministry of Agriculture & Farmers Welfare of India and the Danish Veterinary and Food Administration , Ministry of Environment and Food of Denmark
the school development plan , as laid out by the act , spells out the physical requirements of additional infrastructure and equipments to meet the norms spelt out in the schedule ( in relation to all weather buildings ) .
trouble communicating needs , thoughts and emotions
forms and affidavits
when there is a disruption or improper conduction of these electrical impulses , a person suffers with a seizure .
with canavan disease , the central nervous system breaks down .
file a complaint
We shall meet once again in another episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat’ next month .
He said Industry 4 .0 has the strength to drive irreversible positive change in India .
sbm focuses on generating awareness and providing community managed sanitation systems .
Four years ago , who would have believed that rupees three lakh crore or about forty billion dollars would be returned by defaulting borrowers to financial and operational creditors .
telecom service providersthrough its e-hastakshar initiative enables citizens with valid aadhaar and registered mobile number to carryout digital signing of their documents on-line .
the objectives of the scheme are  :
community self-reliance and self-dependence
Our Government took various measures to develop this source of financing in the economy .
“Deeply saddened by the loss of lives and devastation due to tsunami and earthquake in Central Sulawesi in Indonesia .
she should have plenty of vegetables ( especially dark green leafy vegetables ) and fruits including citrus kinds .
escort allowance of rs .160/- per month for severally handicapped day scholar students with low extremity disability .
-social , medical and availability of health care facilities .
when your area is under cyclone warning get away from low-lying beaches or other low-lying areas close to the coast
evaluation of impact , and replication of these models in larger areas
they are often frightened of strangers , new situations or the dark .
Reviewing the coal sector , the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification , through infusion of latest technology inputs .
extreme heat can lead to dangerous , even deadly , consequences , including heat stress and heatstroke .
3 mega prizes for consumers worth rs 1 cr , 50 lakh , 25 lakh for digital transactions between 8th november , 2016 to 13th april , 2017
The Prime Minister said that the amount of 5 lakhs would cover all investigations , medicine , pre-hospitalization expenses etc .
the health care provider with the help of various community based functionaries such as asha workers ,
passport seva is supported by state-of-the-art technology infrastructure which enables end-to-end passport services to be delivered with enhanced security comparable to the best in the world .
surveys reveal that most of what is promoted as pure is just municipal water that has been refiltered and repackaged with slick labelling .
the mission is to be executed on war footing with the involvement of every gram panchayat , panchayat samiti and zila parishad in the country , besides roping in large sections of rural population and school teachers and students in this endeavor .
maternity leave  :
symptoms
if not , cut yourself many times ( punish yourself )
medicines should be used only if prescribed by a trained health worker .
ensure convergence of existing skill development programmes
non-adherence to the fair practices code as adopted by the bank  ;
you should know that an abortion which does not fulfil the conditions is considered a crime under the general law on crimes in india .
acid attack victim
further , national disaster management authority has provided specific inputs to the government of india for avoidance of future chemical disasters in the country , along with suggested amendments on the existing framework .
Shri Narendra Modi dedicated the IIT Bhubaneswar campus , to the nation .
infection
At the event , Prime Minister will unveil the Bhagwad Gita , prepared by ISKCON devotees to the world .
immunization protects children against some of the most dangerous diseases of childhood .
soil transmitted helminths transmission
leprosy cured persons
non-financial transaction
for issuers
implementation process
Government has put strong emphasis on expansion of City Gas Distribution ( CGD ) network coverage across the country to increase the availability of cleaner fuel to citizens .
The Prime Minister made a video call today to the crew of Indian Naval Sailing Vessel ( INSV ) Tarini , currently on a mission to circumnavigate the globe .
it is more common among the ashkenazi jewish population than in the general population .
On way from Indonesia , I stopped over briefly in Malaysia to meet one of ASEAN’s most senior leaders , Prime Minister Mahathir .
pandemic
risks covered under the scheme
In order to develop and establish formal platform for cooperation in the Transport and Highways sector , a Memorandum of Understanding in the field of Road Transport and Road Industry has been jointly negotiated and finalized by both countries .
magnetic stripe card + bank
file right to information application through on-line
definition
classes of seeds
this is a life-threatening disease .
hence clean the ears once a week with cotton buds .
showcase wearing of traditional attire of the partner state .
clean the teeth at least twice a day to avoid tooth decay ( cavities ) and to have a fresh breath .
non-availability or shortage of any medicine click here
the method of treatment through antidote  ;
Today , he added , it is a reality , which has delivered a better tax compliance system and a better revenue system .
The Prime Minister stated that it the Union Government was committed to make One Rank , One Pension , for the Armed Forces , a reality , and added that the Government has worked towards making it possible .
search candidates based on criteria
the village should have an active gram sabha/gram panchayat , women ’ s/swarozgaris ’ self-help group , youth club and mahila mandal .
bleach and undiluted disinfectants
( c ) capacity building through workshops ,
He urged the Government of Kerala to expedite the implementation of Ayushman Bharat scheme , so that the people of Kerala can be benefitted .
As a part of his vision of Swachh Bharat and Swastha Bharat , the Prime Minister dedicated to the nation Underground Sewerage System , and three Sewage Treatment Plants in Solapur .
ranikhet disease vaccine booster dose
she or he should be sponged or bathed with cool but not cold water .
escort allowance  : rs .160/- per month for severally handicapped day scholar students with low extremity disability .
Agreement on Film-co-production between India and Israel
There are technologies available which can convert waste/plastic , MSW to drop in fuels .
after 30 days , you will get the information from concerned department .
Mr . Tilak Marapana , Minister of Foreign Affairs of Sri Lanka paid a courtesy call on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon .
To begin with financial inclusion has become a reality for 1 .3 billion Indians .
apply insect repellants while sleeping to keep away mosquitoes .
the woman needs sufficient rest during postpartum period to be able to regain her strength .
ownership and key role of the poor and their institutions in all stages – planning , implementation , and , monitoring
do not consume caffeinated drinks ( like aerated drinks ) and alcohol during extreme heat
The Prime Minister mentioned about the various initiatives taken by the Union Government for the welfare of the Divyang community .
local authorities , with support from organizations and community leaders , have the responsibility to  :
of these , storm surges cause the most damage as sea water inundates low lying areas of coastal regions and causes heavy floods , erodes beaches and embankments , destroys vegetation and reduces soil fertility .
the purpose of the scheme was to identify talented students and nurture their talent .
caution workers to avoid direct sunlight .
the child will then be protected against measles , pertussis ( whooping cough ) , tuberculosis and other respiratory illnesses , which can lead to pneumonia .
based on the document type selected , you need to fill in the other details relevant to the document .
for this , linkages will be developed with existing mechanisms such as national health mission , 108 service , police ( van ) so that the woman affected by violence can either be rescued from the location and referred to the nearest medical facility ( public/ private ) or shelter home .
labour lasting longer than 12 hours .
Prime Minister Oli stated that his government attaches high importance to further strengthening friendly relations with India .
I visited Israel in 2006 as Chief Minister of Gujarat .
immunization against rotavirus ( where recommended and available ) reduces deaths from diarrhoea caused by this virus .
PM will inaugurate the Hindon Airport Civil Terminal at Hindon Airport Civil Terminal , Ghaziabad .
Cooperation will also be effected through exchange of experts , materials and information , exchange of trainees and scientists on study visits/training programmes , facilitation of relevant conferences and workshops and any other means as may be mutually agreed upon .
participants must attend the session in proper uniforms only .
but since the last two decades this scenario has been changing , adopting some of the administrative elements of modern hospital system in educational institutions , dispensaries , hospitals and pharmacies etc .
The Prime Minister earlier urged the people of the country to follow the path of devotion and sacrifice for the nation along the lines of Furu Gobind Singh jee in his monthly radio program , Mann Ki Baat on December 30 , 2018 .
source  : guidebook for enhancing performance of multi-purpose worker ( female )
reduce annual fuel costs by rs 356
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone for construction of 1988 km of PMGSY roads in LWE areas ; other road connectivity projects in LWE areas ; water supply scheme of Bijapur ; and two bridges .
after about 10 minutes a day of practice , you'l1 soon be able to get your mind off of food in any stressful situation .
The two Prime Ministers reaffirmed that relations between the two countries have acquired great purpose and substance in recent years .
During the interaction , Shri Narendra Modi said that the Government has reduced knee transplant prices by 60 – 70% , thereby bringing down the cost from Rs . 2 .5 lakh to around Rs .70 , 000 – 80 ,000 .
thalassemia
Mr . Yang Jiechi and Mr . Ajit Doval briefed the Prime Minister on the 20th round of Talks between Special Representatives of China and India on the Boundary Question , held earlier in the day .
The last leg of the PM’s visit will be in Agartala .
He also spoke of the benefits that the other development projects launched today would bring about .
applicants are required to upload duly attested scanned copy of the mark sheet of xth and documents mandatorily along with the following certificate which are applicable
make in india
always keep the poison container .
originally the scheme provided for rehabilitation assistance up to a ceiling limit of rs . 4000 per bonded labour to be equally shared by central government and state governments on 50 :50 basis .
public toilets will also be constructed in designated locations such as tourist places , markets , bus stations , railway stations , etc .
each year , over 1 .5 million children die from diseases that are preventable with readily available vaccines .
growth stage
many of these health issues that come up at this stage in life may be chronic , and occur simultaneously , where each of them may require constant attention .
engine should not emit too much smoke .
in recent years , hydel energy ( through mini and small hydel power plants ) is also used to reach power to remote villages which are unelectrified .
a skilled birth attendant will  :
epilepsy
certification agency draws representative samples from the seeds produced under certification programme and subjects them to germination and other purity tests required for conforming to varietal purity .
After its creation , we hope that this institution will work as a center which enhances employment skills and services .
The High Court of Uttarakhand&Meghalaya quashed the above decision .
integrated fish farming-cum-rabbit farming
you can approach the banking ombudsman .
after breeding , the sow should be kept in dry clean and hygienic enclosure in comfortable place .
in cash  ; or
encourage drinking of water from a safe source or water that has been disinfected ( chlorinated ) .
the approximate cost per seat for a community toilet is rs 65 ,000/- .
just like the mother , the father can help meet their child 's needs for love , affection , approval , encouragement and stimulation .
The two sides stressed the importance of objectivity and impartiality of the United Nations and its specialized agencies in pursuing their work .
difficulties in concentration  ;
it is expected that another 20 % passengers may shift to digital payment methods of buying railway tickets .
ensure survival & protection of the girl child
every pregnant woman must have a skilled birth attendant , such as a midwife , doctor or nurse , assisting her during childbirth , and she must also have timely access to specialized care if complications should occur .
indigestible feed ingredients present in manure directly consumed by the fish .
ragi
complications of diabetes
areas with shade will be avoided .
rupay e-commerce transaction experience is seamless since the user has to enter just the card details and a one time password to complete the transaction .
prepare project proposals on behalf of women entrepreneurs / women self help groups for income activity and take loan from financial institutions for onward disbursement to them .
juvenile justice ( care and protection of children ) act , 2015
how to register  ?
mode of selection
affordable housing through partnership
in fact , a fuel cell coupled with an electric motor is two to three times more efficient than an internal combustion engine running on gasoline .
declare basic training seats/vacancies
lodge a complaint with the bank
students who after failing or passing the under graduate/post-graduate examinations in arts/science/ commerce join any recognized professional or technical certificate/diploma/degree courses will be awarded scholarships if otherwise eligible .
choosing peanut butter instead of chocolate spread or jam to spread on bread .
the organization should possess proven credentials and capabilities to handle such projects .
disaster management
good shape , size , colour etc . , according to the specification of variety
source  : nyaaya
They underscored the importance of realizing North Korea’s complete , verifiable , and irreversible dismantlement of all weapons of mass destruction and ballistic missiles of all ranges in accordance with the relevant United Nations Security Council resolutions ( UNSCRs ) , and the importance of addressing concerns related to North Korea’s proliferation linkages .
it is applicable for nursing but not for agriculture , also for medical council of india not for university grant commission .
He urged the cadets to spread greater awareness about the Government’s welfare schemes .
6 . Roles and responsibilities of all the concerned Ministries/Departments with respect to biofuels has been captured in the Policy document to synergise efforts .
He added that India is working towards the goals of the Paris Agreement through an action plan .
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore is respected widely across the world .
the mines and minerals ( development & regulation ) amendment act , 2015 , mandated the setting up of district mineral foundations in all districts in the country affected by mining related operations .
 . once a nutritionally adequate and safe diet can be provided , all breastfeeding should stop .
flexible and easy to implement -
The persons belonging to “Parivara’ and Talawara’ communities will be eligible to get the Scheduled Tribe certificate from the State of Karnataka and will also be eligible for all benefits meant for the Scheduled Tribes in the State .
He said that public procurement is now being done through the Government e Market , or GeM platform .
enrol yourself  :
He released a commemorative postage stamp to mark the occasion .
best practices
“Dictionary of Martyrs : India’s Freedom Struggle ( 1857-1947 ) ” , Volume 4 .
receipt and review of claims from employers
The Prime Minister reiterated the Union Government’s commitment towards the all-round development of Odisha .
take them as curry , raita , and in raw form .
however , with the passage of time , new dimensions of bondage have crept in under different names .
Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim , Member of the Malaysian Parliament , and Leader of the Parti Keadilan Rakyat Party of Malaysia , called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
The PM added ,“It is our constant endeavour to simplify procedures for small entrepreneurs .
even a private contractor acting for the government can not engage children below 14 years of age in such employment .
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have marked a golden period in relations between the two countries .
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day .
esign – online digital signature service
other fire materials and equipment are regularly maintained  ;
digitally literate persons would be able to operate computers/digital access devices ( like tablets , smart phones , etc . ) ,
Our partnership is based on democratic values and commitment to an open , inclusive and rule-based global order .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today celebrated Diwali with the jawans of Indian Army and BSF , in the Gurez Valley , near the Line of Control , in Jammu and Kashmir .
He also launched a Local Government Directory .
generalized swelling of the body puffiness of the face
pregnant women and their partners who are hiv-positive or think they may be infected should consult a trained health worker for counselling on reducing the risk of infecting the baby during pregnancy , childbirth and breastfeeding , and caring for themselves and their baby .
collect the neem fruits during bearing season and air-dry them under shade .
state government agencies including women development corporations established by the state governments
7 . Prime Minister Modi warmly recalled his recent visit to the Maldives to attend the swearing-in ceremony of President Solih as his special guest .
The first General Assembly of the International Solar Alliance was held in India .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the signing of the ( i ) Interbank Local Currency Credit Line Agreement and ( ii ) Cooperation Memorandum Relating to Credit Ratings by Exim Bank with participating member banks under BRICS Interbank Cooperation Mechanism .
securing e-wallets
It will help in smooth transition of ISA as international inter-governmental organization .
He said the aim is to have 1 .5 lakh such centres in India within four years .
This cooperation currently pursued under agency level ( ISRO- Indonesian National Institute of Aeronautics and Space -LAPAN ) MoUs signed in 1997 and 2002 .
the sustained availability of quality workforce is another advantage .
create a culture of dynamic entrepreneurship through events , branding and media .
Informal Meeting of the BRICS Leaders ( Buenos Aires , Argentina )
the programme is to be scaled up to cover all the states and the country .
when to do the first appeal  :
Foundation stone of Dhule City Water Supply Scheme under AMRUT will be laid by PM .
a minimum monthly remuneration of rs 5 ,000 to business correspondents who will provide the last link between the account holders and the bank .
using a computer to attack other computers .
one of the major findings was that children residing in shelter homes , on railway platforms , at bus stands and religious places and on the roads , etc . were part of the missing children .
difficulty speaking or swallowing
letter from gazetted officer or school head .
feed should be so regulated that sows and gilts are never over fat or thin .
a decrease in oral liquid intake may be due to nausea or loss of appetite .
if any suspected transactions are observed , contact the service provider / bank immediately .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today delivered closing remarks at the fourth meeting of the Governing Council of NITI Aayog .
a woman affected by violence can access one stop centre in the following manner  :
indian food composition tables , 2017
you are more likely to suffer an overdose if you consume substances on your own , and are more likely to be a victim of crime or violence if you are alone and in an unsafe place .
when a young woman begins to be sexually active , she needs information about pregnancy and the risks of sexually transmitted infections , including hiv .
the strategy recognizes and awards couples who have broken the stereotype of early marriage , early childbirth and repeated child birth and have helped change the mindsets of the community .
the floor of the compost making area should be levelled .
these may include natural hazards such as floods and earthquakes as well as manmade hazards .
the waiting time for aadhaar may vary from 60-90 days after receipt of resident data packets .
This means manufacturing that is without defect , and which does not harm the environment .
He practised in the Gauhati High Court on constitutional , taxation and company matters .
the same legal duty does not unfortunately apply to unmarried women .
features that invite user participation -- messages , invitations , photos , open platform applications , etc . -- are often the avenues used to gain access to private information
guidelines for the applicant applying online under prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme
written consent from registered customer for transferring the connection in the name of the person actually holding the equipment & subscription voucher .
He complimented the officers involved with the project , for performing their task with devotion .
information technology , as the apex body , is mandated to lay down the policies , plans and guidelines for disaster management to ensure timely and effective response to disasters .
He said the Multi Sports Complex would offer opportunities for training and competitions .
together these measures can contribute to women 's , adolescent girls ' and children 's right to survival , health and well-being .
after examination by staff nurse , medical officer to also examine and attend to every beneficiary attending pradhan mantri surakshit matritva abhiyan . .
eating up to three servings of fresh fruit every day .
penetrative sexual assault of a child .
funds can be transferred using any of the below options  :
children in the age group of 0-6 years
He will be visiting Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu and Karnataka tomorrow .
He has not only been able to successfully set up his business , but has also generated employment for a few other persons .
register your complaint with bank
ability to understand and communicate abstract concepts and complex ideas has begun to develop
sharing of 25 % of prescribed stipend subject to a maximum of rs . 1500/- per month per apprentice with the employers .
self - inflicted injuries / attempted suicides
“I bow to Swami Vivekananda on his Jayanti .
intake of certain medicines
PM also extended greetings on the Chhatrapti Shivaji Maharaj Jayanti .
the woman and her family/caretakers should be informed about potential danger signs during pregnancy , delivery and the postpartum period .
He added that the Government is focussing on increased pace of road construction .
On 30th December , the Prime Minister will visit the Tsunami Memorial at Car Nicobar .
organizing training sessions for officials , including through short attachments to the Parties secretariat/headquarters on air matters concerned by the respective mandate of the Parties .
final assessment
handling off-site emergencies
the widespread use of biomass is for household cooking and heating .
for assisting the disabled persons in undertaking self-employment ventures and other productive activities , loans are given by the nationalized banks by charging an interest of 5 % per annum under differential rate of interest scheme .
if people are seriously injured , do not move them unless they are in danger .
search/download candidate profile
The Prime Minister said that for the last four and a half years , the Union Government has pursued the objective of good governance .
1 head cook ( @ rs . 3 ,000 per month ) and 2 astt . cook ( @ rs . 2 ,500 per month )
We will be developing 35 ,000 kilometers of roads with investment of Rupees 5 .35 lakh crore under ‘Bharatmala’ project .
the central government has notified the rates of contribution payable by miners to the district mineral foundations .
traditionally , data input into the pos system was in memory in clear text , which is what allowed , attackers , memory scrapers to be very successful .
public nuisance
He lauded Guru Gobind Singh ji for his heroism , sacrifice and devotion .
Government has also started a one-stop digital platform called Start-Up India Hub where all information regarding start-ups and its ecosystem is available for entrepreneurs .
promoting diversified agricultural and allied livelihoods , including livestock and horticulture , through-
they need love and nurturing to develop a sense of trust and security that turns into confidence as they grow .
The Prime Minister also spoke of other development initiatives such as PM AwasYojana , PM Gram SadakYojana , and other welfare schemes of the Union Government .
 . they also may show slow loss of vocabulary , short-term memory , the ability to learn new material , and the ability to recall words .
Maybe that is why the meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi felt so special .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today received the first-ever Philip Kotler Presidential award , at 7 Lok Kalyan Marg , in New Delhi .
( viii ) Presiding Officer and Members of the Adjudicatory Board shall be appointed by the Central Government on the recommendations of the Selection Committee .
crying for long periods for no apparent reason
students who receive scholarship or stipend from any other source will not be granted under this scheme .
two , it would ensure approval of adequate resources for high priority district action plans ,
The Prime Minister mentioned several projects in the region , which are associated with agriculture .
please visit the sciences web site for common application forma and admit card etc as they may change time to time
the 100 districts ( 45 .9kb ) have been identified on the basis of low child sex ratio as per census 2011 covering all states/uts as a pilot with at least one district in each state .
the milk produced by the mother is nutritious and the right amount for the newborn .
importance of energy conservation
finding contact info of nearest local help
foot baths should be always filled with disinfectant .
a small percentage of individuals may experience problems with memory or decision-making , and there is growing evidence that some may even develop a form of dementia over time .
age  : the strength of your bones decreases with age .
coir wood moulded articles manufacturing unit
online application procedure for scholarships
if adults treat others with kindness , respect and patience , children will follow their example .
transient diarrhea and dullness occur prior to egg shell changes .
school timetable and curriculum need suitable modifications to make safety understanding a routine activity .
the case of the virus `` i love you '' demonstrates the need for having cyberlaws concerning cybercrimes in different national jurisdictions .
anugraha loom for weaving coir geo textiles & matting
In addition , all ASHA workers and their helpers would be provided free insurance cover under Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana and Prime Minister Suraksha Bima Yojana .
proof of age
what all can i do using a bank mitra , who visits my village  ?
The Prime Minister will later leave for Mysuru , Karnataka .
refundable deposit-like caution money , security deposit will , however , be excluded .
similarly , one side of mouth may droop when try to smile .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his condolences on the loss of lives in an air crash in Moscow .
the water being used for the operations of unit shall comply with relevant standards governing use of water in the food/milk processing unit
On Subhas Bose’s Jayanti this year , the Prime Minister inaugurated a museum in the same building , dedicated to Netaji , and the Indian National Army .
provided in case the second child is a twin , the scholarship under this scheme will be admissible to both the twins .
by convention , an individual 's blood pressure is expressed as systolic/diastolic blood pressure , for example , 120/80 .
interest subvention for relief to farmers affected by natural calamities
regular exercise can also help prevent bone loss and allows you to maintain muscle strength , coordination , and balance , which in turn help to prevent falls and related fractures .
in case , you have been denied the access to information you may file appeal / complaint before the central information commission .
The cost of the Project is about Rs .5 ,700 crore .
feeding
to provide them with legal aid and guidance to enable them to take steps for their readjustment in family/society .
Strategic
at the same time , the world is expected to face a shortage of 57 million workers by 2020 .
Land used for the project will also be got changed by the Ministry of Health & FW from ‘Industrial’ to ‘Institutional’ .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has remembered Sardar Patel on his Punya Tithi .
always use antivirus , anti spam and anti spyware products
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 266 to rs 2014
The Prime Minister asserted that in New India , no one should be compelled to visit a bank branch repeatedly .
Necessary amendments will be introduced in the Tariff Policy and Tariff Regulations to operationalize HPO .
rheumatic fever
the extent of liveliness for production of good seedling or the ability of seed for production of seedling with normal root and shoot under favorable condition is known as germinability .
Special in the sense that this time there were many pathbreaking ‘firsts’ .
disasters as a critical threat to the well-being of children
long sleep durations may be a sign of sleep-disordered breathing or depression and should be treated appropriately .
challenge the body and mind by learning new things  ; doing word puzzles , crosswords and sudoku
students who , after having completed their educational career in one professional line ,
get the casualty to hospital as quickly as possible . if the casualty is unconscious or becomes unconscious while in your care  :
Democracy was embedded deep in Baba Saheb’s nature and he used to say that India’s democratic values have not been imported from outside .
In conclusion For Singapore , there is no better opportunity than India .
as a not - for - profit professional organization operating in the public private partnership mode , emergency management and research institute is the largest professional emergency service provider in india today .
Lord Budha , Lord Mahavir , Guru Nanak , Mahatma Gandhi – this is the land which gave the message of love and non-violence to the world .
outcomes of deworming can include  :
the time limit may vary from state to state .
if it is not possible to use a toilet or latrine , everyone should always defecate well away from houses , paths , water sources and places where children play .
weight
The MoU will be signed during the upcoming visit of the Vice President to Malta .
parents and other caregivers know that rapid and difficult breathing is a danger sign , requiring urgent medical help
it is safe to immunize a child who has a minor illness or a disability or is malnourished .
the more formal education an adolescent girl or woman has , the more likely she is to use reliable family planning methods , delay marriage and childbearing , be better off economically and have fewer and healthier babies .
He will inaugurate a state-of-the-art Command and Control Centre for the Kumbh Mela .
Our United Payments Interface system or UPI along with BHIM App and RuPay Card has shown the true potential of digital economy in India .
nutritious foods rich in iron , vitamin a and folic acid include meat , fish , eggs , green leafy vegetables , and orange or yellow fruits and vegetables .
if the heart and breathing have stopped , then you immediately start the kiss of life an heart massage
urine chemistry for elevated aspartic acid
Over sixteen thousand kilometres of gas pipeline has been constructed and an additional eleven thousand kilometers is under construction .
it affects the nerve cells in the brain that produce dopamine-produced by dying neurons .
if the child does not respond to attention and stimulation , parents and other caregivers need to seek help from a trained health worker .
it is proposed that one crore households would be provided assistance for construction of pucca house under the project during the period from 2016-17 to 2018-19 .
general requirements
spotting or bleeding from the vagina
It includes seminar as well as conference halls .
Prime Minister Modi , President Vladimir V Putin of Russian Federation and President Xi Jinping of the People’s Republic of China , held a Trilateral Meeting in Buenos Aires today .
creation of universities by way of upgradation of existing autonomous colleges
PM to inaugurate Ahmedabad Shopping Festival-2019 tomorrow
conception can be achieved through sexual intercourse or assisted reproductive technology .
use electrical appliances star rated fans
The Prime Minister said that it is not enough to rest on past laurels , but is also important to adapt to emerging challenges .
use protective goggles , umbrella/hat , shoes or chappals while going out in sun .
He said the gifts and mementoes he has received as Prime Minister have also been auctioned , and their proceeds have also gone towards Namaami Gange .
this minimum pension ceiling may be revised from time to time .
collaboration with non-governmental organizations and civil society organizations to improve bus stands , building temporary shelters , wherever necessary , improved water delivery systems in public areas and other innovative measures to tackle heat wave conditions .
S Aishwarya and S Saundarya , great grand-daughters of Bharat Ratna M .S . Subbulakshmi , today called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi , along with their parents , V Shrinivasan and Geetha Shrinivasan .
the mother may need help to improve the way the baby takes the breast into the mouth to ensure good attachment so the baby can suckle effectively .
GSLV has enabled independent access to space for 2 tonne class of satellites to Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit ( GTO ) .
the last challenge is to commit suicide .
create an end-to-end implementation framework for skill development , which provides opportunities for life-long learning .
we save our money when we save energy -
the risk of infection from a cat bite is much higher than a bite from a dog .
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that on this occasion , the devotional hymn Vaishnav Jan To , which was so dear to Bapu , had been rendered by artistes in about 150 countries across the world .
they are
I am happy to be here in Imphal today , on the occasion of the one hundred and fifth session of the Indian Science Congress .
stroke risk factors
after entering valid mobile code or short name , menu will appear with different options of available services enabled for your bank .
health workers must discard the syringes and any other waste by-products safely .
you must get inoculated against diseases immediately .
I convey my sincere regards to the government of Uttarakhand for organising this event .
fund transfer services
Since this infrastructure was not enough to meet the increasing skill requirements of the country as well as the skilling needs of the growing workforce , the Government took a number of initiatives to scale up the skilling efforts .
in some cases , however , coughs are danger signs of more serious illnesses , such as pneumonia or tuberculosis .
each document will have the following information
if more than 24 hours have lapsed since last dose , seek doctor ’ s advice .
with the implementation of several schemes ,
the customer needs to submit his/her application through the portal , which automatically gets converted into a transfer process even without the consent of the parent distributor .
to build capacity and ensure high quality skill development in infrastructure including construction sector to increase productivity of workers in this sector , through an emphasis on on-site training .
for young children , crying is a way of communicating .
to provide horizontal and vertical pathways to academic qualifications and the job market , respectively .
these older persons are facing a lot of problems in the absence of adequate social security .
remote sensing will be used to reduce the number of crop cutting experiments .
when the cyclone has crossed the coast
I can confidently state that this govt . has used social media positively for Consumer Protection in India , as has never been done before .
Here , he released two books titled : ( a ) Kashi : The Universe of Crafts and Textiles ( b ) Indian Textiles : History , Splendour , Grandeur .
In a series of tweets Prime Minister said :
both partners need to know about the health benefits of family planning and the available options .
wing web puncture
if considered necessary , the proceedings may be directed to be conducted in camera .
portal will facilitate  :
gramin vitrak  :
atmospheric instability encouraging formation of massive vertical cumulus clouds due to convection with condensation of rising air above ocean surface .
check appointment status
effective management of runoff water and ridge area treatment
fungal infection of the scalp -
sesamum
In the future , our projects will only be according to the needs and priorities of Myanmar .
water lifting devices like diesel/ electric/ solar pumpsets including water carriage pipes , underground piping system .
immediate payment service is available round-the-clock and operates even during bank holiday , weekends or festive holidays .
composted coir dust contains all plant nutrient elements and it can provide a supplemental effect along with inorganic fertilizers .
environment preservation and pollution control measures
if you are at the beach or near the ocean and you feel the earth shake
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Gujarat on September 30 , 2018 .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Aanchal Thakur on winning India’s first international medal in skiing at FIS International Skiing Competition in Turkey .
The nearest airport Delhi is at about 35 km from NOIDA .
highly secure  :
respiratory disorder/ pneumonia  :
coverage of the scheme
Significant capacity additions have been made in transmission lines , transformer capacity , and inter-regional transmission .
cumin seeds
there is improvement in cation exchange capacity of soils , where composted coir pith is applied .
note 4  : the revised income ceilings account for consumer price index for industrial workers upto october , 2009 . income ceiling would be revised once in every two years linking it with consumer price index for industrial workers for the month of october of the year , preceding the year of revision and will be made effective from april .
a new syringe should be used for every person .
PM will also unveil several development projects .
This will be the third official visit of the Prime Minister to Kollam .
it is a non-toxic substance which is rare for a fuel source .
however , there are no tests which can detect if rabies has been transmitted from exposure to a rabid animal before a person becomes ill .
to focus on faster completion of ongoing major and medium irrigation including national projects .
employment aspects
The Prime Minister recalled that the Union Government had also fulfilled its pledge of providing One Rank , One Pension to the soldiers and ex-servicemen .
As a lead up to the Partners’ Forum , a delegation of the Partnership for Maternal , Newborn and Child Health ( PMNCH ) , including Shri J . P . Nadda , Union Minister of Health & Family Welfare , Dr . Michelle Bachelet , former President of Chile and former Board Chair of PMNCH , and renowned actor and UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador Ms . Priyanka Chopra met the Prime Minister during the Curtain Raiser on 11th April 2018 , wherein the PM graciously agreed to be Patron of the PMNCH Forum .
including lower cost
it can also increase the chance of diarrhoea and other infections .
Major Impact , including employment generation potential :
muscle cramps and muscle twitching
( 2 ) the need to limit the number of pregnancies .
a scholarship awarded may be cancelled if the scholar changes the subject of the course of study for which the scholarship were originally awarded or changes the institution of study , without prior approval of the state government .
in humans , several tests are available to confirm rabies disease once a person becomes ill  ;
early diagnosis of alzheimer ’ s disease or other disorders causing dementia is an important step to getting appropriate treatment , care and support services .
It means about fifty crore citizens belonging to ten crore families will benefit .
the same fastag can be used till the tag is read by the reader and not tampered with .
creation of national and state fund will be created to provide financial support to the persons with disabilities .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi , and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj , joined the 188 delegates for a historic group photo .
8000 kg piped natural gas in cylinders ( sheheri and rurban vitrak ) ,
The total 5 .33 MMT capacity under Phase-I of the SPR programme is currently estimated to supply approximately 10 days of India’s crude requirement according to the consumption data for FY2016-17 .
according to section 354d indian penal code , stalking is -
self attested copy of voter ’ s card / driving licence / aaadhaar card / passport / photo issued by govt . authority etc .
it includes  :
clear the airway and determine whether causality is breathing and the heart pumping
to locate the career centres , click here .
He said that around 1 .5 crore houses has been built through PM Awas Yojana , out of which 15 lakh houses were built for the poor in urban areas .
Many CEOs said that they were inspired by the Prime Minister’s vision of doubling farm incomes , and the pace and progress of economic reforms over the last three years under his leadership .
these are mostly used in urban settings and are not very effective in traditional rural housing
this is a new element of the bharatnet strategy as the mode of connectivity by aerial optical fibre cable has several advantages ,
diabetes is an important 'silent killer disease ' as there is usually no early symptom of the disease .
Speaking on the occasion , PM said that Arunachal is the land of rising sun .
tips on active ageing
a void working outside between 12 noon and 3 p .m .
voter card
when consumers use a credit or debit card at a point of sale system , the information stored on the magnetic stripe of the card is collected and processed by the attached device .
in 1858 , the great andamanese were estimated at nearly 3500 , in 1901 their number declined to 625 .
health protection  :
separate set of books shall be purchased for different type of disability of the student .
public authority means
information for all
fund transfer services
facilitate and support your child 's playtime with friends and in extra-curricular school activities
understanding the stages of child development helps parents know what to expect and how to best support the child as she or he grows and develops .
the mother and child should be checked regularly during the first 24 hours after childbirth , in the first week , and again six weeks after birth .
organising optional classes in schools / colleges , where feasible , for learning the language of the partner state .
He said the aim of the Government is to take India to new heights of growth .
the sovereign gold bonds will be available both in demat and paper form .
various policies and schemes of government and other agencies are detailed in this section .
also , we strongly recommend that you give mobile number , this will help you get confirmation message as when your records are updated .
deposit
what happens after enrolment
if you think someone is suffering from the heat  :
selection of basic training providers  :
exaggerated reflexes ( hyperreflexia )
contribution
pass the information to others .
I invite each one of you to become a part of the exciting growth journey of India’s food processing sector .
He also mentioned the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana .
figure shows water harvesting pond constructed and lined with 300 micron ldpe at kvk aizawl .
in india , tribal population makes up for 8 .6 % of the total population .
While the PM will inaugurate the summit on February 21 , President Ram Nath Kovind will be present at the closing ceremony .
hair loss from fungal infections can be prevented by keeping hair clean and by never sharing hats , combs or brushes with other people .
The Prime Minister said that the National Police Memorial is a dedication to the valour and sacrifices made by the police and paramilitary forces .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed a State Level Youth Convention at Tumakuru , Karnataka , via video conference , on the theme – Youth Power : A vision for New India .
leveraging the leadership , capacity , commitment and energy of the members of parliament to develop model gram panchayats
however , antibiotics such as penicillin , streptomycin , and novobiocin are also effective .
it can also be due to poor hygiene during a delivery ( for example , if the birth attendant ’ s hands or instruments were not clean ) , or it can happen after a caesarian section .
however , over time most people will require oral drugs and or insulin .
I have flagged off the fastest train , Tejas between Madurai and Chennai .
creep feed should be given when piglets are two weeks old .
cracks and damage to a foundation can render a building uninhabitable .
He also spoke of the progress made in initiatives being taken for improving connectivity in the State , including the Char-Dham all weather road project , and the Rishikesh-Karnprayag Railway line project .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed Company Secretaries at the inauguration of the Golden Jubilee Year of ICSI – the Institute of Company Secretaries of India .
yes , a customer needs to register with his/her before remitting funds using unified payment interface i and link his accounts .
selected from the community itself and accountable to it , the accredited social health activist will be trained to work as an interface between the community and the public health system .
implementation agencies
minimal transmission losses .
14 .2 kg cylinder ( for all states except north eastern states )
in case you have not received your confirmation within an hour please contact our customer support at your bank .
I look forward to meet Prime Minister Dr . Mahathir Mohamad .
Shortly after his address to the nation today , Prime Minister spoke to scientists involved with the successful conduct of Mission Shakti , via video conference .
the guidelines for award of quality mark do not propose any new/additional system for food safety and quality management but only lays down the processes required for ensuring quality and safety of milk and milk products .
for example , a person of unsound mind can make a will during periods of sanity .
The Prime Minister exhorted everyone to work towards making our nation ODF .
however , while sanctioning scholarship against paid seats , state governments should make the income verification compulsory .
the doctor has a legal duty to assume in such cases that the pregnancy affects your mental health gravely .
Over a million passengers have a meal on a train in India , every single day .
over 12 months to 5 years
cover the area with warm clothes .
The Prime Minister also dedicated to the nation , the Booster Compressor Facility in Bassein Gas Field .
carefully remove any contaminated clothing , taking care not to touch the chemical yourself .
many other countries , especially australia and those in europe incurred casualties due to the tsunami , because they had large numbers of citizens traveling in the region on holiday .
wheat
however , much of the poor and under-privileged population lack identity documents and aadhaar may be the first form of identification they will have access to .
getting along with parents
it is better to use deep litter system of management instead of construction slatted floor over the pond .
`` disaster management '' means a continuous and integrated process of planning , organising , coordinating and implementing measures which are necessary or expedient for-
The Indian delegation , which was led by the Minister for Commerce & Industry , and Civil Aviation Suresh Prabhu , participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok in September 2018 .
personal relaxation , decrease in muscular tension
this process does away with the need to physically approach the distributor with a transfer request .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Gujarat tomorrow – 22nd October , 2017 .
have a talk “ with a whale  ” ( with another player like you or with a curator ) in skype
perform hand hygiene ( e .g . , frequent hand washing with soap and water , alcohol-based hand rub , or antiseptic hand wash ) and thoroughly dried preferably using disposable tissue/ paper/ towel after contact after having contact with respiratory secretions and contaminated objects/materials .
the woman should return to her job when it is safe for her to do so , or she should be provided with an equivalent job with the same remuneration .
They even gave us the strength to fight evil and oppression , the Prime Minister said .
if the antiretroviral-positive mother decides to breastfeed , she should feed her baby breast milk exclusively , giving no other liquids , milks or foods , for the first six months .
if you show these signs and symptoms , consult a doctor .
a general landslide hazard map of india shown here marks the areas of different hazard zones in various states of india  ;
central ministries , states and other stakeholders have been involved in the participatory and consultative process of evolving policies and guidelines .
Praising the efforts of armed forces , PM said that the entire nation is proud of our soldiers .
watershed management is the process of guiding and organizing the use of land and other resources in a watershed to provide desired goods and services without adversely affecting soil and water resources .
vermicomposting
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses .
mosquito borne diseases like malaria , dengue , filaria , chikungunya
avoid wearing dark , heavy or tight clothing .
older persons should be able to seek and develop opportunities for service to the community and to serve as volunteers in positions appropriate to their interests and capabilities .
In this backdrop , it is imperative to strengthen the public transport system in Kanpur and the Metro project will be able to meet this need .
in case of account holder opting for monthly interest , the same shall be calculated on the balance in the account on completed thousands , in the balance which shall be paid to the account holder and the remaining amount in fraction of thousand will continue to earn interest at the prevailing rate .
such a step will not only ensure that development policies and programmes are strengthened but also provide the necessary succor to safety actions .
bone health basics
First Lady Kim congratulated the Prime Minister on being awarded the Seoul Peace Prize .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings on World Radio Day to all those associated with the world of radio , which includes those working in the industry and the listeners .
a newborn thrives when she or he is  :
The country salutes the indomitable courage of Meenaji , wife of Martyr PrasannaSahu of Jagatsinghpur , Odisha .
The proposed corridors will be having Multimodal Integration with Railway Stations &BRTS Stations and will have feeder network of Bus , Intennediate Public Transport ( IPT ) and Non Motorized Transport ( NMT ) .
do this in early adolescence .
the changes in adolescence have health consequence not only in adolescence but also over the life-course .
He listed a number of other areas , where great improvements have been made .
the intruders install an `` agent '' ( frequently through a trojan horse program ) that runs on the compromised computer awaiting further instructions .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit Kochi in Kerala on 27 January , 2019 .
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is one of the most common neuromuscular diseases worldwide , and people of all races and ethnic backgrounds are affected .
This Convention Centre has an auditorium , conference halls and an exhibition hall .
to access protection of children from sexual offences e-box , click here .
always use antivirus , anti spam and anti spyware products
eligibility
startups shall be allowed to self-certify compliance ( through the startup mobile app ) with 9 labour and environment laws .
PM will then proceed to Hubli in Karnataka .
Army has deployed 10 Columns and 10 Teams of Engineering Task Force ( ETFs ) involving around 790 trained personnel’s .
the training and welfare of persons with disabilities
“I will always cherish the affection of the people of Meghalaya .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the Indian women’s Table Tennis team on winning the Gold Medal at the Commonwealth Games .
( for those researchers who are not awarded any fellowship by university or any other authority )
He mentioned the various other projects , including roads , and projects related to Namaami Gange , which were inaugurated , or for which the foundation stone was laid today .
in this portal information is provided for safe motherhood and care for good reproductive tract health .
PM said these are some of the glimpses of changes ushered in by his Government which reflect the New Confidence of a New India .
The Prime Minister said that Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan was deeply popular among youth .
basically , hydrogen energy can be produced on demand .
prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme under the aegis of the national defence fund , was introduced from the academic year 2006-07 to encourage higher technical & professional education for the dependent wards & widows of central armed police forces & assam rifles personnel .
if you find that your thoughts keep racing , keep a pad and pencil nearby .
sharing of basic training cost in respect of apprentices who come directly to apprenticeship training without any formal trade training .
hydrogen-powered fuel cells have two or three times the efficiency of traditional combustion technologies .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings on the occasion of Navroz .
Launch of a series of development projects at Balangir is a step in this direction . ”
coughs and colds spread easily .
to trigger processes which lead to holistic development of the identified gram panchayats
expressed breastmilk can be stored at room temperature for up to eight hours in a clean , covered container .
do not move from where you are .
your healthcare provider can determine if you or your child has a cold and can recommend symptomatic therapy .
entering primary school on time is critical to ensure the continuity of a child 's development .
after login , click on “ aadhaar seeding  ” link under services page
exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months of life and continued breastfeeding after six months can reduce the risks associated with diarrhoea .
to achieve the objectives , the society undertakes the following activities/initiatives  :
Mr . Daniel Carmon , Ambassador of Israel to India
I found in President Lukashenku matching enthusiasm and desire to scale up our partnership for the benefit of our people .
decentralization ,
emergency preparedness for nuclear power plants
taking antibiotics when they are not needed can be harmful .
the government of india has put in place an early warning system for mitigation of such oceanogenic disasters under the control of indian national center for ocean information services , hyderabad .
Memorandum of Understanding between JSC Belarusian Potash Company ( BPC ) and Indian Potash Ltd ( IPL )
accessible so as to be usable for a subsequent reference
world epilepsy day
the age of the applicant ( male or female ) shall be 60 years or higher
you can file a criminal complaint under section 138 of the negotiable instruments act , if the following conditions are fulfilled  :
nuclear facilities in the country already have the following provisions for the detection , classification , notification and mitigation of any emergency situation  :
and 3 ) provide accessible protection and support services for abused women .
this scheme has a dual benefit , where , on the one hand , the employer is incentivised for increasing the employment base of workers in the establishment , and on the other hand , a large number of workers will find jobs in such establishments .
the selection process should involve the community at all stages .
fainting , fits , or convulsions
the scheme has been further modified on 31st march , 2016 .
advise on diet ( nutrition ) and rest .
the first prenatal visit should take place as early as possible , ideally in the first three months ( the first trimester ) of pregnancy , and the other three visits can be scheduled to take place at predetermined times during the remainder of the pregnancy .
pharma jan samadhan , 3rd floor , pharma jan samadhan cultural centre building ,
He said Government is itself reaching out to those who need the benefit of PM Awaas Yojana , Ujjwala , Saubhagya , etc .
Biofuels in India are of strategic importance as it augers well with the ongoing initiatives of the Government such as Make in India , Swachh Bharat Abhiyan , Skill Development and offers great opportunity to integrate with the ambitious targets of doubling of Farmers Income , Import Reduction , Employment Generation , Waste to Wealth Creation .
On 1 June , I will call on Singapore President Halimah Yacob .
the participants/ vendors will receive the payment directly from the buyer .
deforestation is also adding to the environmental instability and contributing to global warming and climate change .
curds cow ’ s
seek emergency care even if symptoms seem to clear up .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Maharashtra and Karnataka on February 18th and 19th .
job seekers can search for suitable jobs based on their qualification
example  : ramesh pulls on nina 's clothes while playing holi and rips her t-shirt apart .
if the pressure is relieved too quickly it may put undue stress on the walls .
to stimulate the respiratory activity of the piglet the mucous should be removed from nose and mouth .
He said a similar exercise is now underway in seven cities of Madhya Pradesh .
the appropriate code is determined/ assessed by the value added by production of different products and services or net revenue derived from various activities , i .e . the industry code of the primary manufactured product ( output ) of that establishment .
the beti bachao , beti padhao scheme has been introduced in october , 2014 to address the issue of declining child sex ratio .
the states have been given the flexibility to relax the population norms as well as the educational qualifications on a case to case basis , depending on the local conditions as far as her recruitment is concerned .
bank account no ,
He will lay the foundation stone of the Kashi Vishwanath Temple approach Road , Beautification & Strengthening Project .
All the stake holders related to health sector are working together to transform the sector , PM said .
gram
the validity period shall be nine months from the date of test at the time of initial certification .
29 . cholanaikayan ( a section of kattunaickans ) 30 . kadar 31 . kattunayakan 32 . kurumbas 33 . koraga
many mental health problems emerge in late childhood and early adolescence .
· The Government of India will support the reconstruction of approximately 1400 houses fully damaged due to Cyclone Ockhi , on priority , under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana ( PMAY ) .
acid digestible fibre ( % )
Four priority programs identified for the award : i ) Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana , ii ) Promoting Digital Payments , iii ) Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana – Urban & Rural , and iv ) Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana .
card and govt cards are permissible for identity proof .
once the online registration is completed , a registration/reference number is generated .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given the approval for raising of four ( 4 ) additional battalions of National Disaster Response Force ( NDRF ) to strengthen the India’s disaster response set up at an estimated cost of Rs 637 crore .
bones are the living tissues that form the major portion of your skeleton .
view reports
minimum entry qualification  : for being eligible for the scholarship under minimum entry qualification , an applicant should have secured minimum 60 % marks in minimum entry qualification i .e . 10+2/ diploma/ graduation as the case may be .
this can be done without cost at the first or second hearing of the case by making an application .
the new crop insurance scheme is in line with one nation – one scheme theme .
vaccination/manufacturer
He gave examples of the increase in pace of infrastructure development .
during the operation , the particulars of such identified children will be uploaded on the 'missing child ' portal of the ministry of women and child development by the respective state police .
department of science and technology has funded more than 30 projects spread over india by various academic institutions the reports of which can be requested from department of science and technology .
the students pursuing such courses are also eligible for an annual allowance of rs .1200/- for essential/prescribed books , besides reimbursement of course fees .
The Prime Minister said that the 330 MW Kishanganga Hydropower project would go a long way in fulfilling the electricity requirements of the State .
· Annual Meeting of the BRICS ICM Chairmen – 25 to 26 July ( Cape Town )
He will unveil several development projects in these States .
older persons should have the opportunity to work or to have access to other income-generating opportunities .
Prime Minister of India , H .E . Shri Narendra Modi and President of People’s Republic of China , H .E . Mr . Xi Jinping held their first Informal Summit in Wuhan on April 27-28 , 2018 , to exchange views on overarching issues of bilateral and global importance , and to elaborate their respective visions and priorities for national development in the context of the current and future international situation .
proximity to transport corridors .
The visit follows the official visit of Prime Minister Modi to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in April , 2016 at the invitation of the custodian of the Two Holy Mosques His Majesty King Salman bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud .
The Sides agreed to make efforts to convene the INSTC Ministerial and Coordination meeting on priority .
on-line submission of claims .
the government can make additions or deletions to this list .
arunachal pradesh
walk-in tunnels for horticulture
At the same time , we also come to know about our culture and traditions .
they should never arrange to meet someone in person whom they have met online .
as on date , fifteen banking ombudsmen have been appointed with their offices located mostly in state capitals .
diarrhoea usually stops after three or four days .
The average road length constructed per day in FY 17-18 was 26 .93 km , as compared to 11 .67 km in FY 13-14 .
before applying , the applicants should read the instructions/guidelines carefully as mentioned below  : -
In response , the Prime Minister said that he does not believe that exposure to technology is , per se , bad for students .
use the pressure cooker daily
the beneficiary would pay rs . 30 per annum as registration/renewal fee .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to cyclone in Tamil Nadu .
lay the baby on a clean , flat , safe surface so she or he can move freely and reach for objects
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the transfer of 4 acres of Defence land in perpetuity basis to Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan ( KVS ) for the construction of Kendriya Vidyalaya No . 4 at Kandhar Lines , Delhi Cantt . at a nominal rent of one rupee per annum .
Your letters and phone calls this time pertain mostly to these 50 episodes .
issuance of kisan credit card is also proposed
The Prime Minister warmly recalled his successful visit to Japan in October 2018 , and reiterated his strong commitment to further deepen the Special Strategic and Global Partnership between India and Japan .
this scheme will cover all categories of apprentices except the graduate , technician and technician ( vocational ) apprentices which are covered by the scheme administered by ministry of human resource development .
a reliable clue to indicate dehydration is a rapid drop in weight in few days ( or at times hours ) .
to whom can information be given or complaint be made  ?
· 2nd BRICS Skills Competition ( Johannesburg )
4 . The Prime Minister of India appreciated the measures taken by the Government of Myanmar towards peace and national reconciliation and commended the on-going peace process of the Government of Myanmar .
He stressed on the encouragement being given to “Make in India . ”
As a result of this and the confidence in India , we have received FDI worth over 250 billion Dollars over the past four years .
application fee
prevention - prevention is directed toward sanitation , husbandry and management .
key features
complication readiness - recognizing danger signs during pregnancy , labor and after delivery/abortion
a list will help you remember anything that can be swept away by tsunami water .
early protection is critical  ;
think before you act -
We are insisting on IT based transactions in procurement and purchases of Government .
rural housing ( indira awaas yojana )
adolescents or children ( between 14 and 18 ) are generally allowed to work except in  :
increasing head size , especially of the neck muscles .
in fact , however , it is the proximity to other people rather than the temperature outside that seems to be the culprit .
Further , as a boost to the Social Security initiatives for senior citizens , the investment limit of Rs 7 .5 lakh per family in the existing scheme is enhanced to Rs 15 lakh per senior citizen in the modified PMVVY , thereby providing a larger social security cover to the Senior citizens .
note 2  : house rent allowance received by the parents of a student shall be exempted from the computation of ‘ income ’ if the same has been permitted to be exempted for the purpose of income tax .
the bank will also tell you the process to take the complaint forward in the event you are still unsatisfied after the final response from the bank .
people with diabetes have an increased risk of developing a number of serious health problems .
the mission of e - kranti is to ensure a government wide transformation by delivering all government services electronically to the citizens through integrated and interoperable systems via multiple modes while ensuring efficiency , transparency and reliability of such services at affordable costs .
it is proposed to compile these success stories and publish in print and electronic form .
HH Sheikh Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan , Minister of Foreign Affairs & International Cooperation of the UAE called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today .
In a series of tweets the Prime Minister appreciated the efforts by Sh Anupam Kher , Sh Mohanlal , Smt Chanda Kochhar , India Today Group , India TV News , Sadhguru Jaggi Vasudev , Indian Cricket Team , Sh Rajeev Chandrasekhar , Dettol India and NDTV , towards the Swachh Bharat Mission .
in pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana accounts are being opened with zero balance .
vomiting and diarrhoea , which can lead to dehydration .
however , the majority of the content on such websites are protected by copyright , and unauthorised downloading of such content is considered copyright infringement .
it is essential to educate people for improvement in sanitation and personal hygiene .
infected chickens will have diarrhoea .
types of diabetes
It is the first large hydro-power project in the State .
law on abortion
expenditure monitoring
a runny nose or cold almost always gets better on its own , so it is better to wait and take antibiotics only when they are needed .
clean and dry feminine hygiene products should be available to girls and women .
applicants , those not belong to a to g category as mentioned under the column 4 ( order of preference ) .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Memorandum of Cooperation between India and Finland on Environmental Cooperation .
The Prime Minister addressed a public gathering on the occasion .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today released a commemorative coin in honour of former Prime Minister , Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee .
their plant parts are poisonous or injurious to human and animal beings
hemophilia
Over 300 ,000 Common Service Centres have brought digital access to villages .
food should be stored in covered containers .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today held a Town Hall session with students on subjects related to examinations .
PM will inaugurate four Rural Water Supply Schemes in Ramgarh and Hazaribagh districts .
to maximize coverage of beneficiaries and tailor products to meet requirements of specific business activities , sector / activity focused schemes would be rolled out .
existing women community workers under other schemes like-urban accredited social health activists or link workers under jawahar lal nehru national urban renewal mission , swarna jayanti shahari rozgar yojna etc . may be given preference provided they meet the residency , age and educational criteria mentioned above and are able to provide time for their activities .
the e-library has been envisaged as an online portal that will democratize access to knowledge by ensuring that quality content from central universities and premier educational institutions are available in a digital format that can be easily accessed by students , working professionals and researchers across the country through laptops , smartphones , tablets
tropical cyclones are the progeny of ocean and atmosphere , powered by the heat from the sea  ; and driven by easterly trades and temperate westerlies , high planetary winds and their own fierce energy .
In this context , Prime Minister spoke about the disaster relief operations of CISF during Kerala floods and also during Nepal and Haiti earthquake
visit website and register yourself with your aadhaar or another valid personal id .
claim procedure
annual lighting emission reduction of 57 kg is equivalent to 5 additional trees
this is a great way to cope distractions that invariably cope up when we are meditating .
cover the password pad while entering password .
students pursuing post-graduate courses in medicine will be eligible if they are not allowed to practice during the period of their course .
scholarship will not be awarded for more than the normal period of time taken to obtain certificate/ degree/m . phil degree/ doctorate degree .
wards of serving personnel subject to availability of scholarship .
stockpiling of health and family welfare , training of human resources , creating medical posts at places of mass gathering ,
to do the online registration , click here .
process and safety systems failures
PM said , “Our weightlifters are in superb form!
is it legal to employ children  ?
The funding pattern for FM Component for works in general category States will continue to be 50% ( Centre )  : 50% ( State ) and for projects of North Eastern States , Sikkim , J&K , Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand , the funding pattern will continue to be 70% ( Centre )  : 30% ( State ) .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will interact directly with the members of Self Help Groups under DeendayalAntyodayaYojana – National Rural Livelihoods Mission( DAY-NRLM ) and beneficiaries of DDU-GKY and RSETIs , through video conferencing , tomorrow on 12th July at 9 .30 am .
data material held in any electronic form and
cotton seeds
He undertook an aerial survey of Pipili , Puri , Konark , Nimapada and Bhubaneswar .
use fans , damp clothing and take bath in cold water frequently .
in case locality is also specified under the column of ‘ location ’ in the advertisement for piped natural gas distributorship , a showroom of minimum outer dimensions 3 metre by 4 .5 metre as per the standard layout has to be made in a shop/land located in the said ‘ locality ’ .
electricity/water per year
“Greetings on Valmiki Jayanti .
He said that the Central Government is fully committed not only for providing immediate relief , but also to ensure rebuilding of the state .
information , education , and communication ( iec ) interventions should focus on solid and liquid waste management to create a demand for a sustainable system .
That government completed its term without bringing reforms in the insurance sector .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today visited Nanyang Technological University in Singapore .
At the same event , Shri Narendra Modi will lay the Foundation Stone of the Mirzapur Medical College .
accredited social health activist
in poultry rearing disease is a major factor which causes severe impact on economics of farming .
developing contemporary forecasting and early warning systems backed by responsive and fail-safe communications and information technology support .
% of households having no stagnant waste water around them
The Prime Minister fondly recalled his interactions with President Trump and requested Secretaries to convey his greetings to him .
a choking victim can nod his head `` yes , '' but will be unable to talk .
He had held various important positions in his public and political life during his long career in Tamil Nadu political arena .
seek help from a health worker immediately , if your son or daughter has thoughts of harming or killing himself/herself or others .
Actually , Mann Ki Baat is a very simpletask for me .
it can also show evidence of previous stroke .
safety tip  :
even when amputation takes place , the remaining leg and the person ’ s life can be saved by good follow-up care from a multidisciplinary foot team .
The Prime Minister will also attend the Convocation of the Sher-e-Kashmir University of Agricultural Sciences & Technology , Jammu .
for the detailed guidelines , click here .
enter mobile pin
abdominal examination should be done to monitor the progress of pregnancy and foetal growth ,
almost 90 percent of strokes are ischemic strokes .
The Prime Minister also called for sustained efforts to boost digital payments and work towards a less cash society .
thus institutions involved in providing education in the country need to evolve a methodology and an approach of their own that looks at safety as a continuously monitored indicator of quality
Shri Narendra Modi , will offer floral tributes to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat , on October 2nd , 2018 – the day which will mark the launch of the 150th anniversary celebrations of the Mahatma .
Minister of State in PMO , Dr . Jitendra Singh and senior officials from the Department of Personnel and Training were present on the occasion .
your doctor will evaluate the loss of mineral from your bones through tests which will determine your bone mineral density .
newborn babies should be given to the mother to hold immediately after delivery .
national payments corporation of india cashback
can i link more than one bank account to the same virtual address  ?
help your community get ready
the revised scheme is a central sector scheme and came into effect from 17th may , 2016 .
biofuel is simple to use , biodegradable , non-toxic and essentially free of sulphur and aroma .
this scholarship is admissible for only two children per family and should be ensured by the beneficiaries as well as by the respective central armed police forces
the national rural health mission and the national urban health mission
also pipes made of rigid diesel cause lower frictional loss as compared to pipes made of conventional galvanized iron . such pipes thus help save fuel .
“Arise , awake and stop not till the goal is reached .
scheme of national award for senior citizens ( vayoshreshtha sammans ) was launched in 2005 and is dedicated to senior citizens .
Q . What is the difference between the approach Israelis and Indians have when it comes to business , agriculture and other fields ?
tanks can be built in all conditions .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the progress report of Special Committee for Inter-Linking of Rivers during 1 .7 .2016 to 31 .3 .2018
a registration form titled - register school/college/university details is displayed on the right hand side of the webpage .
Addressing a large gathering on the occasion , the Prime Minister congratulated the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh , Yogi Adityanath , and the State Government , for the successful setting up of the Pashudhan Arogya Mela .
Urban Planner & Director , National Institute of Urban Affairs ;
The Prime Minister said that India is also building International Partnerships to boost innovation .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Babu Jagjivan Ram on his birth anniversary .
He said this has created lakhs of employment opportunities .
He will address Civil Servants on this occasion .
sample quality checks are done on demographic and biometric data collected from residents .
nurturing new training service providers and developing their skills
the scheme was last revised in may 2000 wherein survey component , awareness generation activities and evaluation studies were included as additional items in the existing scheme .
however , overdraft facility upto rs .5000/- will be available to only one person in the family ( preferably lady of the house ) .
promotion of voluntary schemes and social action programme , organization of beneficiaries , advancement and dissemination of rural technology through training schemes .
women survivors of natural disasters who have been rendered homeless and are without any social and economic support  ;
in most cases , the victim will regain consciousness shortly after being placed in this position .
the workers in the unorganized sector constitute about 93 % of the total work force in the country .
with well-defined functional domains for each of its members and concern to carry out the mandated functions , corporate sector has evolved into a lean and professional organization which is information technology-enabled and knowledge based .
round the clock availability ( works even on holidays )
the prime movers of the pumps should be of proper size .
high blood pressure , high cholesterol , high blood glucose and other risk factors contribute to increasing the risk of cardiovascular complications .
He inaugurated / laid foundation stones for various development projects there .
do not open or read messages by cyber bullies .
approve the national plan
install a solar water heater
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 334 on every fan
appropriate administration of tablets to children between the ages of 1 and 3 years is important .
a symptom of whiplash and neck injury
allotment of house-site and agricultural land
in areas known for rabies , persons with frequent exposure to animals ( e .g . veterinarians or animal health workers , wildlife specialists or researchers ) are also at high risk .
risk factors
teachers have a key role in building the confidence of both girls and boys
this ransomware spreads by using a vulnerability in implementations of server message block in windows systems .
Unified Payment Interface-UPI has given the e-commerce industry a lot of strength .
do not fill all details/fields on the online forms .
commission amount shall be transferred in the aadhaar linked bank account of the bharat net .
antiretroviral therapy testing , treatment and counselling
the integrated solution combines  :
pension fund limited
equip a total of 3 ,050 institutions to deliver world class entrepreneurship education programmes  :
Lease Contract for Shahid Beheshti Port- Phase 1 of Chabahar during Interim Period between Port and Maritime Organization ( PMO ) , Iran and India Ports Global Limited ( IPGL ) .
speech and language disability
Rear Admiral Moe Aung , Chief of Staff ( Myanmar Navy )
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the ITBP family on the Raising Day of ITBP .
poor or decreased judgment  : those with alzheimer ’ s may dress inappropriately , wearing several layers on a warm day or little clothing in the cold .
Prime Minister Modi stated that Government of India’s vision of ‘Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas’ is a guiding framework for India’s engagement with its neighbours for a shared vision of inclusive development and prosperity .
Flags off first ever Diesel to Electric Converted Locomotive
protective measures can include  :
a person shall be entitled to free legal aid , legal advice or free legal services if that person is  :
need for security
The MoU is expected to create employment in the areas of integrated solid waste management including waste to energy , sustainable transport systems , water and sanitation management , energy efficiency , resource mobilization .
update profile , services
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , reviewed the progress and efforts being made to prevent and reduce under-nutrition and related problems in India .
who will do what , when , and how is made clear to individuals and units of key departments , especially for health .
Ease of living for the people is the commitment of my government .
it is with the cooperation of these cells that your body maintains proper balance of minerals required for your body ’ s physiological functions .
things to be taken care
Our five countries have complementary skills and strengths to promote use of renewable and solar energy .
the data stored on the magnetic stripe is referred to as track 1 and track 2 data .
electronic toll collection is the electronic payment of highway tolls without human intervention
The Prime Minister hoped that the two-day Gyan Sangam would come up with concrete ideas to improve the tax administration .
nausea and vomiting
Dear brothers and sisters , with utmost humility and respect , I would like to share that in 2014 , 125 crore citizens did not rest after voting for the Government .
during a coma , a person is unresponsive to his or her environment .
the baby does not receive enough milk
use of pico projectors and low cost films for encouraging potential use water source through technological
During the interaction , Prime Minister said that Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana is linked with the dignity of the citizens and the focus of the Yojana is to ensure more women , Divyang sisters and brothers , SC , ST , OBC , and Minority communities get access to housing .
capacity to withstand the adverse conditions
the state governments/union territory administrations are , thus , themselves competent to decide the appropriate grouping of courses at their level as advised vide ministry of sj & e ’ s letter no .11017/13/88- , dated 3 .8 .1989 .
accordingly , the requirement to quote aadhaar as per section 139aa of the income-tax act shall not apply to an individual who is not a resident as per the aadhaar act , 2016 .
tree plantation in accordance with local preferences in homesteads , schools and public institutions – including green walkways
available 365 x 24 x 7
* 99 # has been enabled with the following services  :
I once again express gratitude to you for participating in this conference .
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is investing significantly in the effort to transform biomass to biofuel .
various services being offered through national voter service portal are
The Prime Minister said that the values of Indian civilization and culture can provide guidance to the entire world , in an era of instability .
The Sagarmala project is also a part of our vision .
among other functions as may be decided by the controller general of patent , trademark and design , facilitators will be responsible for  ;
components
a child who has a prolonged cough that persists for more than three weeks needs immediate medical attention .
this standard esign enable application service providers to integrate esign api in their application with less effort .
pesticides and other chemicals should not be used around the household or near a water source .
safe water and good hygiene practices help to reduce the number of respiratory infections and other illnesses , such as diarrhoea .
ambulances distribution in various states
beware of links sent via instant messaging and e-mail attachments .
the said adjudicating officer has been given the powers of a civil court .
the other lanes , though fastag enabled , can accept other forms of payment too .
Shri Suresh Prabhu Commerce & Industry Minister , India
by reinforcing and sharing of information and data on national occupational safety , health and environment at work place information amongst different stake holders through a national network system on occupational safety and health  ;
all users , system administrators can report incidents to “ cyber swachhta kendra  ” ( botnet cleaning and malware analysis centre ) at help desk regarding the malicious behavior on their systems / networks along with sufficient logs for analyzing the incident and providing requisite support .
thesis typing/printing charges for research scholars
seed vigour determines the level of performance of seed or seed lot during germination and seedling emergence .
delay in the onset of the first period
the pradhan mantri awas yojana ( urban ) programme launched by the ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation , in mission mode envisions provision of housing for all by 2022 , when the nation completes 75 years of its independence .
4 . Seminar on Port Led Development & Strategies to establish India as the Trans-shipment Hub of Asia
then repeat this process for other sites .
The Indian delegation was led by Dr . Harsh Vardhan , Minister of Environment , Forest and Climate Change .
it is often used instead of joules when dealing with the energy released from food .
In addition to healthcare , it will also provide medical education at the under-graduate and post-graduate level , besides nursing .
parents and other caregivers should demand a new syringe for every vaccination .
generally , to meet the daily needs of fruits for a family of 4-5 members a land space of about 200 m2 is needed .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) signed between India and Singapore in June , 2018 on the constitution of a Joint Working Group ( JWG ) on FinTech .
bites by venomous snakes result in a wide range of effects , from simple puncture wounds to life-threatening illness and death .
swadhar greh
for users who access through tablets / mobiles .
this is a rare degenerative condition that produces symptoms similar to parkinson 's disease .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has given its approval for acquiring 372 sq . yards out of 10 acres of land including compound wall ( about 200m ) in the eastern side of Central Water Commission land by the Telangana State Government for improvement of Radial Road No .30 by widening of road with nil charges .
pradhan mantri vaya vandana yojana
call centre
In the rural housing sector , the Prime Minister was informed that over one crore houses have been constructed in the period from 2014 to 2018 , as compared to about 25 lakh houses in the preceding four year period .
the first ayurvedic influence came to tibet during 3rd century ad but it became popular only after 7th centuries with the approach of buddhism to tibet .
you will get acknowledgement of complaint once review is done by ombudsman .
certain ethnic groups have comparatively stronger bones than other ethnic groups
this answer is very important for you to remember – if you forget it you may never be able to get back into your account .
upon receipt of applications from the mill unit , joint accounts will scrutinize the applications and forward to bank ( in soft and hard copy ) along with the comprehensive list of the same .
stay as safe as possible during an earthquake .
Financial implications :
PM in Tamil Nadu
they will also lack the drive to play , explore and interact with others .
Talking about developments in India , he said that the Union Government is creating systems that are development-friendly and corruption-free .
The Prime Minister said that the nation is immensely proud of our Armed Forces .
if a woman has a miscarriage or abortion , she should wait at least six months before becoming pregnant again in order to reduce the risk to herself and her baby .
The work you do in the Business Council plays a vital role in giving practical shape to the vision of BRICS partnership .
In this volume , more than 4400 martyrs of Delhi , Haryana , Punjab and Himachal Pradesh have been listed .
extract from school certificate
c ) Investment in the Tourism and Hospitality sectors
copy of the identity card of the worker ( form b register number in case of mine workers ) .
These steps have greatly benefitted not only the poor , but also the middle class , PM said .
the mild form produces listlessness , loss of appetite , respiratory distress , diarrhea , transient drops in egg production .
Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the mission of Swacchh Bharat forward .
education , training , consultation and exchange of information and good practices are essential for prevention and promotion of such measures .
He said that more than 65 AYUSH hospitals have been developed in the last three years .
Now ,PM KisanNidhi is coming up , also being called PM-KisanYojna will help the farmers who have land 5 acres or below .
He said that both Sardar Patel and Dr . Babasaheb Ambedkar gave a lot of emphasis to irrigation and waterways .
government and private will review the application of basic training providers
cells can ’ t make energy  :
At a large public meeting , the Prime Minister will witness an audio-visual presentation of experience sharing by 12 beneficiaries of schemes of the Government of India and Government of Rajasthan .
The Prime Minister said that today , the whole world looks upon India as a shining star .
The repayment of the loan is guaranteed by the foreign govt .
payee
We also opened up our national carrier , Air India , to foreign investors .
organising familiarisation tours for the tour operators of one state .
put something soft under his or her head .
The programme is expected to give impetus to economic activities within the country in terms of employment generation , human resource development and enhanced industrial capabilities .
place one fist , with the knuckle of the thumb against the victim 's midsection , slightly above the navel but well below the breastbone .
if the casualty is stiff from having died some time previously then leave the casualty in the position in which you find him and call a doctor and , where appropriate , the police .
driving through flood water can also cause additional damage to nearby property .
it provides for an efficient and transparent regime for the growth and management of the broadcast sector .
the north-eastern part of the country continues to experience moderate to large earthquakes at frequent intervals including the two great earthquakes mentioned above .
entitlements under janani suraksha yojana
it is left undisturbed till its use .
advise on how to avoid stis , including hiv
eating at least three servings of vegetables every day , including green leafy vegetables such as palak , greens , etc .
article 24-no child below the age of 14 years shall be employed to work in any factory or mine or engaged in any other hazardous employment .
2 murukkus/bhajji/pakoda 1 cup coffee
mahuwa seeds
a issues a cheque to b for rs . 1 ,000 .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi praised the beauty of North East India and urged people to share their photos of their North East visits on Instagram using #MagnificentNortheast yesterday .
uranium is the key raw material .
this would facilitate farmers to get real-time price information , online ordering of inputs and online cash , loan , and relief payment with mobile banking .
however , in breeding flocks , a corresponding decrease in hatchability is also noted as the virus is egg- transmitted until hens develop immunity .
They agreed to continue efforts to develop cleaner energy systems , renewable energy and fuels , increased energy efficiency and technologies for cleaner energy production .
mandatory uploading of inspection reports within 72 hours by the labour inspectors .
the heat-wave action plan is intended to mobilize individuals and communities to help protect their neighbours , friends , relatives , and themselves against avoidable health problems during spells of very hot weather .
course shall be covered under group ' a ' .
• Patratu Super Thermal Power Project ( 3×800 MW )
urban floods
childline 1098 service
customer to confirm the name of the bank from the list of bank for which seeding is required
Housing for All – a house for every Indian by 2022 .
The Commission of Railway Safety working under the administrative control of the Ministry of Civil Aviation ( Govt . of India ) , deals with the matters pertaining to safety of rail travel and train operation and is charged with certain statutory functions laid down in the Railway Act’1989 .
physical , social and psychological maturity but not all at the same time
Every Indian requires a toilet , hence our objective is to ensure sanitation for all .
with the use of inter linkages  ; the time for obtaining registration machinery , etc . will be drastically reduced
changes in behavior and self-care  :
the loan interest will accrue as per the frequency of pension payment under the policy and it will be due on the due date of pension .
central assistance will be released to the bank accounts of beneficiaries identified in projects through states as per recommendations of state .
ground water development in the areas where it is abundant , so that sink is created to store runoff/ flood water during peak rainy season .
these include the ability to  :
Following is the text of the Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Palestine , United Arab Emirates and Oman .
trafficked women/girls rescued or runaway from brothels or other places where they face exploitation and women affected by swadhar greh who do not have any social or economic support .
if baby is breastfeeding poorly
• This MoU shall enable the following areas of cooperation such as , space science , technology and applications including remote sensing of the earth ; satellite based navigation ; Space science and planetary exploration ; use of spacecraft and space systems and ground system ; and application of space technology .
visit the portal
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Agreement ( MoA ) between India and World Health Organisation represented by its Regional Office for South-East Asia acting through its Country Office in India .
children abandoned by parents or guardians
safety of neighbor ( s ) assured
antibiotics will not help if…
“Former MP and Speaker Shri Somnath Chatterjee was a stalwart of Indian politics .
In this mutual and global pursuit I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a perfect partner .
What is a republic and what is a parliamentary system- are nothing new to India .
trained health workers and clinics should also provide adolescent girls and boys with reproductive health information and family planning services that are
The MoU will create an enabling framework of cooperation for setting up an Uzbek-Indian Free Pharmaceuticals Zone in Andijan region of Uzbekistan .
“I bow to this land of Bihar .
His Excellency the President of the Swiss Federation ,
goa and jharkhand
the patient history and physical examination provide the initial direction for determining the cause of secondary headaches .
I hope the Petro-chemical Park planned by State Government would become operational soon and leverage the business opportunities provided by the Petro-chemical venture of BPCL .
high blood pressure risk of stroke begins to increase at blood pressure readings higher than 115/75 millimeters of mercury .
fresh applicant
foreign placement
with physical therapy , you may see improvement in muscle movement or paralysis .
the motorized ratt/ motorized traditional ratt / electronic ratt purchased by utilizing the subsidy under the scheme shall conform to the is standards for its spare parts and motors .
and meeting curative care needs as appropriate to the organization of service delivery in that area and compatible with her training and skills .
creation of backward and forward linkages ,
several risk factors have been associated with type 2 diabetes and include  :
this crime manifests itself into terrorism when an individual & '' cracks & '' into a government or military maintained website .
promoting non-profit sector particularly in under-served areas .
disparity between girls/women population in terms of common socio- economic indicators ( e .g . literacy rate , completion rate of elementary education , ownership of productive assets , etc . ) is eliminated , the indicators are raised to at least the level of the national average , and
He had previously served with many Chief Ministers of Gujarat .
if establishments labour identification number already exists user need to link the labour identification number with establishment by choosing ‘ link establishment ’ option at left side menu after login .
The Prime Minister also dedicated the State Civil Secretariat Building to the nation , and laid the Foundation Stone of the Academic Block of the TomoRiba Institute of Health and Medical Science .
ranikhet disease vaccine
they should also be counselled and supported on how to get treatment and care for themselves .
it normally means the baby wants to be held and cuddled more the baby 's diaper or nappy needs changing , or the baby is too hot or cold .
Foundation Stone of the 9 MMT AVU of the Barauni Refinery Expansion Project was laid by PM .
The Prime Minister said that as maritime neighbours , there is a vast scope for cooperation between India and Indonesia on development of Blue Economy as well as in the domain of maritime security .
conditions of eligibility
introducing a smart card for the workers in the unorganized sector seeded with details of two more social security schemes
signs of heat are restlessness , loss of appetite , increased vocalization , frequent urination , red swollen vulva , riding other females , elevation of tail , arched back etc .
Talking about the accidental insurance coverage scheme , Pradhan MantriSurakshaBima Yojana , Prime Minister said that more than 13 crore people have availed the scheme .
At a public function , Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will hand over the keys to mark the Grihapravesh of Prime Minister Awas Yojana- Grameen ( PMAY-G ) beneficiaries in Maharashtra .
On digital connectivity , he mentioned that optical fibre connectivity had been provided for one lakh Panchayats so far , and added that three lakh Common Service Centres are now making the lives of people simpler .
national saving certificate agents and others , can act as agents .
rough body coat
heat disorder
salt
common poisons
Memorandum of Understanding between the Government of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar and the Government of the Republic of India on Enhancing the Cooperation of the Upgradation of the Women’s Police Training Centre at Yamethin , Myanmar .
this section covers common social evils which every individual needs to take steps in order to make india a better place to live .
this happens after its landfall or when it passes over cold waters .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for Abolition of Institution of Income-Tax Ombudsman and Indirect Tax Ombudsman .
bridging the rural-urban divide-viz  : economic , technological and those related to facilities and services .
cerebro-spinal fluid , the fluid that surrounds the brain and spinal cord , can be obtained with a needle that is inserted into the spine in the lower back .
this law makes it a crime to take pictures or videos of your private body parts if you were in a place where you would expect to undress without being captured or if you expect that your private body parts will not be exposed even if you were in a public place .
rubber & coal products
to create water harvesting structures and efficient utilization of water potential  ; and
vitamin serves many important functions in relation to calcium metabolism .
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has brought out a policy relating to Metros , to bring uniformity and standardization in metro rail networks across the country .
government cloud shall be the default cloud for government departments .
encourage the woman to walk during the first stage of labour and support her choice of position for childbirth
The Bharatmala scheme is aimed at improving road connectivity by constructing national corridors and highways .
do not wait until their use has started .
others
basic training providers will have to apply through portal for registration
use optimum quantity of water for cooking
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for revision of the Agreement between India and Qatar for the avoidance of double taxation and for the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income .
Center will put in place a sound system in consultation with the states to ensure that the farmers can avail the full benefits from this decision .
section 139aa of the income-tax act , 1961 as introduced by the finance act , 2017 provides for mandatory quoting of aadhaar / enrolment of aadhaar application form , for filing of return of income and for making an application for allotment of permanent account number with effect from 1st july , 2017 .
Initiatives related to doubling the farmer’s income will also be discussed .
what sorts of crimes are punished  ?
Minister of Tribal Affairs .
under the scheme maximum selling price for minor forest produce is being implemented in schedule v states initially .
special courts will be designated in each district to handle cases concerning violation of rights of governments .
It will greatly improve the regional transport facility and create many employment opportunities .
AIIMS in Delhi has cultivated a brand name for itself in healthcare .
states  : arunachal pradesh , assam , jammu & kashmir , meghalaya , mizoram , odisha , tamil nadu and west bengal
He appreciated the skills of the carpet makers , which have made the “Made in India carpet ” a big brand .
bharat net has to register once at the time of doing the first transaction .
yesterdays child is todays adult and tomorrows grandmother or grandfather .
Ministers of State for Finance , Shri Pon .
The signing of the agreement will help in deepening the educational ties between India and France and will go a long way in boosting the educational relationship between the two countries .
if a newborn sleeps more than three hours after breastfeeding , she or he may be gently awakened and offered the breast .
considering the simplicity , openness , and wide acceptance of codes and its ability to be printed , displayed on devices , and various screens , etc . , applications are encouraged to include a code scan option within their application .
While some of you are already deeply involved in India , others are just discovering the possibilities that remain to be tapped .
· Meeting of Heads of Competition Authorities ( Pretoria )
59 . kattu nayakans 60 . kotas 61 . kurumbas 62 . irulas 63 . paniyans 64 . todas
Singapore is both a leading investment source and destination for India .
The company’s primary product was hessian jute bags used for packaging of food grain used by the various State Governments .
target beneficiaries
during these visits , each patient is monitored for changes in their functional abilities .
Out of the this , Rs 485 .38 Cr would be provided as Central Assistance .
for example , if a stroke causes to lose feeling in left arm develop an uncomfortable tingling sensation in that arm . , sensitive to temperature changes , especially extreme cold .
the members should be aged between 18 years completed and 59 years nearer birthday .
He welcomed greater US investment in the manufacturing sector in India , and invited US companies to explore opportunities for Make-in-India .
a person may also have a hard time speaking because a stroke has caused aphasia , a condition in which a person has difficulty expressing thoughts through language .
The Prime Minister handed over keys of houses to beneficiaries under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana ( Urban , as well as Rural ) .
Mentioning the National Health Policy , the Prime Minister said that affordable healthcare and prevention of diseases are also high on the Government’s agenda .
do not panic .
the initiative basically promises the investors – both domestic and overseas – a conducive environment to turn 125 crore population strong-india a manufacturing hub and something that will also create job opportunities .
process all necessary contractual obligations online .
acknowledgment number will be provided to customer after submission of data for checking status
who needs to be satisfied that the conditions have been fulfilled to get an abortion  ?
mandatory for every indian resident who has identification documents
stay calm and keep the victim comfortable until help arrives .
On the first day of Navratri , we pray to Maa Shailputri .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today laid the foundation stone for four sewerage projects under the Namami Gange programme ; and four National Highway projects , at Mokama in Bihar .
one stop centre scheme
in case it is not available , it may obtained from the employees ' provident fund website .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has lauded the passage of the Constitution ( One Hundred and Twenty-Fourth Amendment ) Bill , 2019 in the Rajya Sabha .
a scholarship holder under this scheme will not hold any other scholarship /stipend .
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Meghalaya on their Statehood Day .
Launch of Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Maan-dhan Yojana ( PM-SYM )
the principal of the school and transport in-charge should check the mobile phone available with the attendant of the bus .
if your application is successful , an aadhaar number will be generated and mailed to your address .
Twelve second generation bio-refineries are being set up in eleven states .
no fee is prescribed for first appeal for public authorities under the central government .
change mobile pin
these people are at high risk of getting diabetes .
chlorine tablets or powdered water purifiers
list of districts covered
maintaining weight will then become a problem .
this structure may be revised from time to time by the department of industrial policy and promotion .
The Rashtriya Yuva Sashaktikaran Karyakram Scheme is an ongoing Central Sector Scheme of the Ministry of Youth Affairs & Sports and has been continuing since 12th Five Year Plan .
any trademark agent registered with the controller general of patent , trademark and design
The defence corridor will also help in making India self-reliant in defence production , he added .
safer , secured and innovative
however some women develop the disease early in life due to other co-existing disease factors .
government/private will automatically get selected as a basic training providers provided that they have spare seats ( within overall affiliation ) for running basic training .
On radicalization too , the Prime Minister urged the use of technology to pinpoint problem areas .
in case of temperature breach , the logger alarms and sends email and sms alerts to responsible cold chain technicians and managers .
the students as hostlers will be covered from class iii to x .
around this idea , a massive countrywide infrastructure reaching down to the remotest of villages is evolving , and large-scale digitization of records is taking place to enable easy , reliable access to the internet .
institutional arrangements for solid and liquid waste management
The Prime Minister recalled that it was on this day in 1971 , that the Indian Army had defeated those that are a symbol of terror , cruelty and lawlessness .
the floor should be pakka/hard , even , non - slippery , impervious , well sloped ( 3 cm per metre ) and properly drained to remain dry and clean .
the government , in this case , will also pay the employees ' provident fund contribution of 3 .67 % in addition to paying the employees ' provident fund contribution of 8 .33 % .
the opening of gold deposit accounts will be subject to the same rules with regard to customer identification as are applicable to any other deposit account .
the portal consolidates data of current and past crime occurrences across the country .
the states are already conducting the examination for nominating the students for the national level ( second stage ) examination conducted by the higher secondary stage .
( i ) manual method ( ii ) chemical method and ( iii ) biological method .
send money through code , account no .
command area development ,
in order to link aadhaar with electronic toll collection , ideally your demographic details ( i .e . name , gender and date of birth ) should match in both the documents .
It will be carried out under the existing Production Sharing Contracts ( PSCs ) , CBM contracts and Nomination fields to encourage the existing Contractors in the licensed/leased area to unlock the potential of unconventional hydrocarbons in the existing acreages .
the main objective of the scheme is to promote apprenticeship training and to increase the engagement of apprentices from present 2 .3 lakh to 50 lakh cumulatively by 2020 .
Expressing his gratitude for the prestigious honour and in light of India’s deepening partnership with the Republic of Korea , Prime Minister Modi has accepted the award .
it is environmentally friendly .
The MoU was signed in Cambodia in March , 2019 .
It is a great pleasure to welcome Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , on his first ever visit to India .
the designated official of the nodal agency shall verify the claim papers and submit the same along with the death certificate and a certificate that the deceased member was head /earning member of the family belonging to the below poverty line family/marginally above below poverty line family family under the eligible occupations under the scheme .
go to a bridge , stand on the edge
And , the foreign exchange reserves are at a record high .
neem can also be used as a natural alternative to cleanse the skin .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the redevelopment of Railway Stations by Indian Railway Stations Development Corporation Limited ( IRSDC ) as Nodal Agency and main Project Development Agency , through simplified procedures adapting various business model and for longer lease tenure of upto 99 years .
bio gas is created by the decomposition of organic waste in anaerobic conditions .
The Prime Minister complimented the Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh , Shri Pema Khandu , for his good work in the State .
or if the fever is continuous for more than 48 hours .
the important components of antenatal care are discussed below  :
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Indian Community in Uganda .
Ensure that you use these skills not only to keep pace with the changes around us but also to drive some of the progressive changes that make our world a better place .
The Prime Minister said , “Greetings on National Voters Day .
It means that we have laid the new railway lines almost twice as fast .
animal husbandry , dairy development and fisheries
as extended arms of 38 passport offices ,
all who might be involved with an early pregnancy – adolescent girls and young women and adolescent boys and men as well as their families – should be aware of the risks involved and how to avoid them .
all children grow and develop in similar patterns , but each child develops at her or his own pace .
held that `` we have considered section 12 of the act and the proviso to section 12 .
they may show poor judgment , like giving away large sums of money to unknown people .
because of the anonymous nature of the internet , it is possible to engage into a variety of criminal activities with impunity and people with intelligence , have been grossly misusing this aspect of the internet to perpetuate criminal activities in cyberspace .
sankalp platform for pensioners
grant assistance to be used by individuals for ultimate borrowers
domestic wastewater includes water discharged from homes , commercial complexes , hotels , and educational institutions .
where deposit is made by cheque or demand draft , the date of encashment of the cheque or demand draft shall be the date of credit to the account .
police conclusion report / final report of police .
the pain begins in the back of the head and upper neck and is described as a band-like tightness or pressure .
quantum of scholarship paid
convulsions
however , they have a duty to do this in an informal manner .
Government approval no longer required for FDI in Single Brand Retail Trading ( SBRT )
common signs of stress or mental illness include  :
H . E . Mr . Taro Kono , Foreign Minister of Japan , paid a courtesy call on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
note  : for offline registration , users will have to visit their nearest employment exchange with all up-to-date qualification documents and experience certificates .
after two or three days , the body 's immune cells fight back , changing the mucus to a white or yellow color .
properly cooking food  ;
the scheme is prevalent in coir producing coastal states such as kerala , tamil nadu , karnataka , andhra pradesh , telangana , odisha , lakshadweep , maharashtra , gujarat , goa , puducherry , a & n islands , west bengal and ne region .
antibiotics for 3-5 days may aid in combating secondary bacterial infections .
by exploring ways to discover latent diseases , establishing causal connections between diseases and work environmental conditions , updating list of occupational diseases and conducting other research relating to safety , health and environmental problems at workplace  ;
It will have a capacity of 100 MBBS seats ; 60 B .Sc .( Nursing ) seats . .
protection of children from sexual offences e-box is an online complaint box for reporting child sexual abuse .
if no water is coming out of the material , that moisture status is ideal for composting .
all these diseases can be prevented by practising cleanliness .
· 6th Meeting of BRICS Sherpas/Sous-Sherpas ( Buenos Aires , Argentina )
The Prime Minister said that healthcare is receiving this magnitude of attention from the Union Government , for the first time since independence .
construct shed on dry and properly raised ground .
the information technology act , 2000 also aims to provide for the legal framework so that legal sanctity is accorded to all electronic records and other activities carried out by electronic means .
· Meeting of the BRICS Health Senior Officials – 18 to 19 July ( Durban )
with the objective to provide quality maternal mortality to every pregnant woman the government of india has launched the pradhan mantri surakshit matritva abhiyan , a fixed day maternal mortality given every month across the country .
the traditional birth attendant ( tba ) /dai ,
it will be the responsibility of the implementing agencies to verify the eligibility of the unorganized sector workers and his family members who are proposed to be benefited under the scheme .
provides value added services like checking aadhaar linked overdraft status and account overdraft status .
The Prime Minister said that Rajgarh district is among the Aspirational Districts identified by the Government , and development work will now be speeded up here .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today visited Palamu , Jharkhand .
are kept away from anyone who has tuberculosis or has a cough with blood in the sputum .
annual lighting emission reduction of 101 kg is equivalent to 10 additional trees .
heat cramps  :
taking early action is very important in helping children who have delays and disabilities reach their full potential .
purity - the indian gold coin will be of 24 karat purity and 999 fineness .
many survivors have brain damage .
prevention - a vaccination programme used in conjunction with a strict quarantine has been used to control mild forms of the disease .
strong passwords should be enabled on the user ’ s phones , tablets , and other devices before e-wallets can be used .
institutes and senior citizens can avail this scheme by contacting ministry of social justice and empowerment .
the cheque has been dishonoured .
as ‘ science express biodiversity special ’ , it showcased the rich biodiversity of india and its conservation measures .
scientific hospital waste disposal system , solar lighting systems , solar refrigeration systems , water harvesting and water recharging systems etc .
Impact of this train , matching global standards of performance , safety and passenger comfort and yet costing less than half of global prices , has the potential to be a game changer in the global rail business .
6 . The Cabinet has approved Rs . 23 ,050 crore for the programme for the FFC period 2017-18 to 2019-20 .
rapid assessment system provides a mechanism for generation and management of feedbacks related to e-gov services offered to and availed by users/ citizens across the country .
The Prime Minister asserted that the Government wants to help fulfil the aspirations of the people , and fight poverty .
Prime Minister of Malta , H .E . Dr . Joseph Muscat is on his maiden visit to India from 17-19 January 2019 for attending the Vibrant Gujarat Summit 2019 .
usage examples and samples
there is a higher chance that the new baby will be born too early and weigh too little .
victims of child trafficking
The Indian Science Congress has a rich legacy .
no disabled person owning property ( like the non-disabled ) can be deprived of his property except by authority of law though right to property is not a fundamental right .
ensure care of the umbilicus , skin and eyes
training of workforce
this is especially important for children who are too young to be treated but for whom worms can greatly impair cognitive development .
81 . We welcome the signing of the BRICS Memorandum of Understanding on Regional Aviation .
internet safety
He dedicated to the nation , the Balasore-Haldia-Durgapur section of the Paradip-Haldia-Durgapur LPG pipeline of IOCL .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today inaugurated a newly constructed market yard of APMC , at Amreli .
wards of those workers who ’ ve put in least 6 months of continuous service in the respective sectors .
as soon as diarrhoea starts , it is essential to give the child extra fluids along with regular foods and fluids .
hyperlink
He dedicated the 13 km , 2-lane Kollam bypass on NH-66 to the nation .
once an one time password is assigned , issuer can upload the documents in a standard format in the designated repository using repository service provider .
neem seed kernal extract
He mentioned that the world is witnessing a financial inclusion revolution in India .
choosing water or unsweetened coffee or tea instead of fruit juice , soda , and other sugar sweetened beverages .
the act is in addition to existing laws
in case of mobile loss , one needs to simply block his mobile number thus no transaction can be initiated from the same mobile number which is a part of device tracking and at the same time bank would be required for any transaction which is not to be shared with anyone .
for the complete list of transfer/posting and notifications , click here .
The Prime Minister said that the role of media is important in the making of New India , and in creating a constructive atmosphere .
it is again clarified that tax exemptions under the gold monetisation scheme include exemption of interest earned on the gold deposited and exemption from capital gains made through trading or at redemption .
whenever the environmental temperature increases above 37o c , the human body starts gaining heat from the atmosphere .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 64 kg
using immediate payment service customers can transfer money real-time to any person or to a merchant , for any personal or commercial purpose .
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his greetings on World Consumer Rights Day .
Government of India will put in place suitable facilities for smooth passage of pilgrims .
• Exchange knowledge and explore cooperation on smart cities , including transit-oriented urban development , air pollution control , waste management , waste-to-energy , waste-water treatment , district cooling and circular economy , including through dialogue and capacity building . –
The Prime Minister recalled that Lokmanya Tilak had written the “Gita Rahasya , ” while in jail , in which he explained in a simple way , Lord Krishna’s message of Nishkam Karma .
chapter-ix of the said act talks about penalties and adjudication for various offences .
The Prime Minister dedicated a Jal Ambulance service , and a Jal Shav Vahan service to the people of Varanasi , through a video link .
during pregnancy and while breastfeeding , all women need more nutritious meals , increased quantities of food , more rest than usual , iron-folic acid or multiple micronutrient supplements , even if they are consuming fortified foods , and iodized salt to ensure the proper mental development of their babies .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will dedicate the world’s tallest statue , the “Statue of Unity ” , to the Nation , at Kevadiya in Gujarat on October 31 , 2018 .
development of shivering , twitching and fits
pro bono comes from the latin expression `` pro bono publico '' meaning `` for the public good '' .
seed certification
The Prime Minister said India is taking great strides forward in the defence sector .
to accelerate the pace of development of wastelands/degraded lands the government had set up the national wastelands development board in 1985 under the ministry of environment and forests .
4 . Development of inter-modal transport , logistics parks and freight terminals ;
He launched various development projects and addressed a public meeting at the DLW Grounds in Varanasi .
gestational diabetes usually disappears after pregnancy but women with gestational diabetes and their children are at an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes later in life .
lay the casualty down with the head and shoulders slightly raised and inclined towards the injured side .
This was reiterated by the Prime Minister during his visit to the USA from 25-27 June 2017 and he invited Ms . Ivanka Trump , Adviser to the US President to lead the US delegation to the GES in India .
Powers of the Authority : All powers exercisable by the respective financial sector regulatory ( viz .
alliteratively , a balanced feed may be purchased and given at 50 g/bird/day along with kitchen waste .
Mr . Philippe Etienne , Diplomatic Advisor to the President of the French Republic called on the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today .
but , serious memory loss , confusion and other major changes in the way our minds work are not a normal part of aging .
the scheme envisages selection of one girl per family where family income is less than 6 lakhs / annum on merit at the qualifying examination to pursue technical education .
salient features
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Jordan on cooperation in the field of Health & Medical Science .
turn off the main water valve before draining water from these sources .
the integrated child development service scheme providing for supplementary nutrition , immunization and pre-school education to the children is a popular flagship programme of the government .
the scheme will cover 10 million youth during the period 2016 -2020 .
He said that the museum will have world class facilities and will increase the tourism potential of the State .
The two Prime Ministers had earlier met during the first India- Nordic summit in Stockholm in April 2018 .
if you do not have aadhaar , you can always present your enrolment no . or submit the request with service delivery database owner to get enroled for aadhaar with the stated documents .
coupled with this , the actuality is that no computer system in the world is hacking proof .
providing toilets in each household and in all public institutions and ensuring their proper use
the admissibility of any woman to the temporary shelter would be at the discretion of centre administrator .
keep your inter net browser up-to-date
to have the guarantee of maintenance of minimum standards of education required for recognition of rehabilitation qualification by universities or institutions in india .
It has also helped us extend 145 million loans for small entrepreneurs through Mudra scheme .
move essential items to an upper floor .
immediate payment service person-to-person funds transfer can also be done using recipients account number and code .
5 Heads of States from Uzbekistan , Rwanda , Denmark , Czech Republic and Malta along with the captains of industry from various sectors & over 30 ,000 delegates from India and abroad are taking part in the event .
the organization - public trusts and civil society organizations should meet the following criteria  :
blood pressure says that anything above this level is high .
transition from total socio-economic dependence to relative independence .
adolescents live in diverse circumstances and have diverse health needs .
In order to strengthen the scheme , Government is working towards skill development to ensure faster , and quality construction of houses .
Both India and Indonesia have a sensitive outlook when it comes to helping those in need , the Prime Minister asserted .
500-1000 of this extract should be diluted with 9 ½ or 9 litres of water .
The Prime Minister said that institutions such as Visva Bharati University have a key role to play in the creation of a New India by 2022 .
install `` check valves '' in sewer traps to prevent floodwater from backing up into the drains of your home .
this transaction will remain pending until the payment is received .
in case of intra-company ( same company ) portability request , you have to just visit only the new distributor with copy of the email and get enrolled .
search/download suitable candidate profiles
mustard seeds and sunflower seed
malaria prophylaxis and treatment
In context he mentioned how South African leader Nelson Mandela was inspired by Netaji .
it will provide a big boost to the growth of food processing sector in the country .
soil profile study and soil analysis on platform to facilitate adoption of location and soil - specific crop management practices & optimize fertilizer use  ;
The Prime Minister said that modern infrastructure has been built at a rapid pace in the last four years .
tsunami floodwater flushes snakes and animals out of their homes .
the progeny of nucleus seed multiplied in large area as per indent of department of agriculture and cooperation , ministry of agriculture , government of india , under supervision of plant breeder / institute /state agriculture universitys and monitored by a committee consisting of the representatives of state seed certification agency , national / state seed corporations , icar nominee and concerned breeder .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has paid tributes to Maulana Abul Kalam Azad and Acharya JB Kripalani on their birth anniversaries .
sun is the primary source of energy .
beneficiaries
pain in the lower abdomen ,
education law for the disabled
importance of seeking ante natal check-ups and post natal check-ups
the release of rehabilitation assistance has been linked with conviction of the accused .
karanji .
increasing the awareness of your son or daughter about the dangers of substance use , and helping them become aware of the influence that peers and the media can have , can help them avoid substance use .
again of those delivering at home , only 2 % received postpartum care within two days of delivery and a meager 5 % within the first 7 days .
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister recalled the contributions of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , especially in uniting the nation .
Prime Minister deeply appreciated the mosaic portrait prepared by an Afghan master craftsman , which was presented to him by Dr . Abdullah .
what is ageing  ?
increased participation of people in the rural development programmes , decentralisation of planning , better enforcement of land reforms and greater access to credit are envisaged for providing the rural people with better prospects .
infectious bursal
it has been clearly recognized that health insurance is one way of providing protection to poor households against the risk of health spending leading to poverty .
Andhra Pradesh Government and NDRF HQ have been working on rescue operations ” , the Prime Minister said .
transparency and accountability of all processes and institutions
He said the Government has begun a new practice of providing information through real-time updated , online dashboards .
in the matter of exemption from fees or other concessions also they will be treated as if they were studying in their own state .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Amendment to the Trade Unions Act , 1926 to make provisions regarding Recognition of Trade Unions .
In 2022 , India will complete 75 years of independence , the next five years provide an opportunity to plan and build on our achievements , to make a quantum leap in all spheres of development .
all training providers will have to register on the smart portal before being eligible for participating under this scheme .
enter 1 for balance enquiry and submit .
to expand digital payment infrastructure in rural areas , the central government through doordarshan will extend financial support to eligible banks for deployment of 2 doordarshan devices each in 1 lakh villages with population of less than 10 ,000 .
The interaction , which lasted for over ninety minutes , saw students , teachers and parents relax , laugh , and repeatedly applaud the Prime Minister’s observations , which included a touch of humour and wit .
breastfeeding should be more frequent .
`` to build a safer and disaster resilient india by a holistic , pro-active , technology driven and sustainable development strategy that involves all stakeholders and fosters a culture of prevention , preparedness and mitigation . ''
Prime Minister Abe stressed the importance of early entry into force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) .
the account shall be opened and operated by the natural or legal guardian of a girl child till the girl child in whose name the account has been opened , attains the age of ten years .
respond to new parents ' questions on caring for their newborn that may relate to breastfeeding , formula feeding , immunizations , bathing the baby , interacting with the baby , language development , sleeping patterns and more
identification of existing resources and resources to be acquired or created  ;
all houses should have electricity .
the remedy provided by the act is in the form of monetary damages , not exceeding rs . 1 crore .
The Prime Minister announced that the memorial to commemorate Babasaheb Ambedkar , at 26 Alipur Road in New Delhi , which was the last home of Dr . Ambedkar , will be inaugurated on the 13th of April – the eve of his birth anniversary .
the necessary bill amending the act was placed and passed in lok sabha on 14 .8 .2014 .
These objectives are to be achieved by 2022 .
PM said that his Government would give full security to the Kashmiri migrants who want to come back and lead life here .
the comfort of the woman should be ensured by her husband during sexual relations .
tanks work in 3 month rotations so at least 2 are needed which increases the cost .
the lower part of the chest sucks in when the child breathes in , or it looks as though the stomach is moving up and down
a functional and operational infrastructure has been built , which is appropriate for disaster management involving uncertainties coupled with desired plans of action .
grievance redressal
Addressing the gathering in Kalyan , the Prime Minister highlighted how the pace of infrastructure and public transport development had been accelerated by the Union Government .
The Son of Man has come , not to be served
He highlighted the importance of the “4 Ps ” in making the world clean : Political Leadership , Public Funding , Partnerships , and People’s participation .
no collateral
one , it will strengthen local planning at the district/city level ,
assorted sizes of safety pins
this policy framework is also in conformity with the international strategy for disaster reduction , the rio declaration , the millennium development goals and the hyogo framework 2005-2015 .
woman ( body weight = 55 )
enrollment and subscriber payment
return home , change/remove clothes .
The Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone for the expansion of Amul manufacturing facilities at Anand and Khatraj .
mandatory aadhaar
Mr . Yuval Rotem , Director General , MoFA , Government of Israel
to get the contact details of regional and sub-regional centres of coir board , click here .
The MoU was signed on 10th April , 2018 in New Delhi .
the child may have tuberculosis , an infection in the lungs .
At the feet of the Statue of Unity , the Prime Minister will perform a special prayer .
these should be discouraged .
it is unanimously agreed that any and every system in the world can be hacked .
Noting that this ferry service is a first of sorts , the Prime Minister said it is a dream come true for people of Gujarat .
being dependent on these substances impairs the ability of people to carry out everyday activities and can lead to tensions with family members , friends and others .
emergency kit
aadhaar number
jowar
she is under 18 - then it does not matter if she agreed or not , or
however , most efforts to provide health insurance in the past have faced difficulties in both design and implementation .
power tiller , cono weeder , paddy thresher , furrow opener , sprayer , rose can , top pan balance
it is punished by three years for a first offence , and five years for repeat offences .
the state share will be rs .3 ,000/- ( 25 % ) .
unconsciousness is described as the state in which the human being will not respond in any way to shaking , shouting or pinching .
the mission steering group of the national health mission will be expanded to work as the apex body for national urban health mission also .
The Prime Minister complimented the Uttar Pradesh State Government for implementing schemes extremely well .
eligible * individuals in the age group of 18-60 years , willing to open an retirement solutions limited-swavalamban account may fill a retirement solutions limited-swavalamban form . ( link for form )
I congratulate President Ramaphosa on the success of BRICS Summit in Johannesburg in July and hosting this meeting .
There are no additional financial implications involved .
it stays in the air for hours after cigarettes , pipes or cigars have been put out .
Following is the text of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Indonesia , Malaysia and Singapore .
These connections would be provided free of cost to the poor , the Prime Minister said .
burns
further , article 14 and 22 ( 2 ) of the constitution ensures equality before law .
patients are likely to become disabled .
point to objects or pictures when they are named ( e .g . , nose , eyes , ears )
sheheri vitrak  :
MOU between India and Palestine Assistance of US $0 .25 million for construction of additional floor to Jawahar Lal Nehru for Boys at Abu Dees
present framework tightly regulates the number of apprentices trade-wise , and is not attractive to youth because of low rate of stipend .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Morocco for setting up of a Joint Working Group ( JWG ) on Counter-Terrorism .
wards/widows of deceased assam rifles personnel died in harness/election duty , wards of personnel disabled due to causes attributable to government service and wards of central armed police forces personnel in receipt of gallantry awards .
Government of India gives enough money to Gram Panchayaths which will be useful for development .
Do we not feel that water conservation must be a social responsibility ?
if needed , scan with latest updated antivirus and products before installing such applications
guidelines for identification of affected areas and people to be covered under the pradhan mantri khanij kshetra kalyan yojana
omphalitis
Cabinet approved transfer of MMH Plants to Government of Karnataka along with 20 ,000 square meter land .
source  : portal content team
symptoms usually begin in the first year of life .
Marketing and promotion of “Brand India
research , innovation and quality improvement
Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) of the Ministry of Planning ; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers .
He also mentioned several other connectivity related projects in the North-Eastern region .
At a function in Itanagar , he inaugurated the Dorjee Khandu State Convention Centre .
malware attacks
the tag can be purchased from tag issuers and if it is linked to the prepaid account , then you need to recharge/ top up the tag as per your requirement .
presently there is no policy to give up aadhaar .
thieves can obtain victim 's credit card number using a small electronic device near the card acceptance slot and store hundreds of victim 's credit card numbers .
The Prime Minister mentioned that the Ayushman Bharat scheme also does not have any scope for leakage , as the money is transferred directly into the account of the hospital .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Shri Pankaj Advani on winning his 18th world title in the recently concluded IBSF World Snooker Championship .
childbirth is the most critical period for the mother and her baby .
agricultural implements
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Swami Vivekananda , on his Jayanti .
One of them is 1320 MW Super Thermal Power Project at Khurja , in District Bulandshahar of Uttar Pradesh .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to road accident in Satna , Madhya Pradesh .
`` resources '' includes manpower , services , materials and provisions  ;
continuous reduction in the incidence of work related injuries , fatalities , diseases , disasters and loss of national assets .
package 1  : care during labour and child birth
Deletion of ‘Abor’ in serial No . 1 , as it is the same as ‘Adi’ in Serial No . 16 .
an integrated programme for older persons
This project will provide a big boost to irrigation in the region , and will be greatly beneficial for the farmers of Mirzapur and Allahabad districts of Uttar Pradesh .
The dynamic nature of business in the IFSCs necessitates a high degree of inter-regulatory coordination .
A teacher asked the Prime Minister about what teachers should tell parents who are stressed about the exams of their children , and have unrealistic expectations .
guaranteed placement for at least 75 % trained candidates
People remembered him as the best member of Parliament , sensitive writer , best orator and most popular Prime Minister and will continue to remember him .
2 . Phased Manufacturing Programme ( PMP ) valid for 5 years till 2024 to support setting up of a few large-scale , export-competitive integrated batteries and cell-manufacturing Giga plants in India .
one of the major requisite for the pensioners post their retirement from service , is to provide life certificates to the authorized pension disbursing agencies like banks , post offices etc . , following which their pension is credited to their account .
We are continuously workingto improve the investment climate further and make ourselves more and more competitive .
With several of our partners , we meet in formats of three or more .
supporting documents
The Prime Minister wished the crew of INSV Tarini a ‘Happy Diwali’ , on behalf of the nation .
those between 44-54 years of age will be provided the option to provide additional information if interested to be considered for appropriate positions .
using mobile number & mobile money identifier of the recipient
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi yesterday has approved setting up of National Nutrition Mission ( NNM ) with a three year budget of Rs .9046 .17 crore commencing from 2017-18 .
in women , thinning occurs over the entire top or crown of the scalp , sparing the front of the scalp .
His birthplace was Patna , Karmabhoomi was north India and the last moments were spent in Nanded .
the development of strong bones begins early in life .
enjoy simple stories and songs
knowing the common tricks that criminals employ will help you protect yourself from online fraud and identity theft .
apply pressure with your fingers or thumbs along the edge of the wound , leaving the foreign body in its place inside the wound .
He will attend a function in Navi Mumbai , to mark the ground breaking ceremony of the Navi Mumbai International Airport .
your default bank account gets selected
slurring words or be unable to find the right words to explain what is happening to you .
that citizens are not forced by economic necessity to enter avocations unsuited to their age or strength  ;
the criteria followed for declaring an area as scheduled area are
feeding problems ,
certificate of the couple
The Prime Minister said , “Extremely saddened by the passing away of my valued colleague and friend , Shri Ananth Kumar Ji .
cities and towns with population below 50 ,000 will be covered under national rural health mission
He will also Flag-off Metro Rail from Ch .
· Meeting of BRICS Finance Deputies – 18 to 20 April ( Washington , DC )
to access the database of institutions , click on respective links .
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister .
WPPT deals with rights of two kinds of beneficiaries , particularly in digital environment – ( i ) Performers ( actors , singers , musicians etc . ) ( ii ) Producers of Phonograms ( Sound recordings ) .
it is an incentive scheme , hence allocations are not automatic
the major interventions are as follows .
nevertheless , still there are all together around 1000 practitioners of sowa-rigpa in india catering health care in harsh himalayan regions and other places .
One was the India-South Africa Business Summit held in Johannesburg in April 2018 .
head losses in a poor quality foot valves are high .
health system strengthening in rural and urban areas
be watchful for changes in the mood or behaviour of your son or daughter .
India and Russia pledged to cooperate with each other to achieve these goals .
In the month of Octoberlast year , I was blessed with the opportunity to dedicate the National Police Memorial to the nation .
get confirmation
the malaria is resistant to the medicine , and another medicine is needed .
planning for safety -
fire breakouts
( local administration may put sign boards ) .
we perform all the activities such as eating food , cleaning after passing motion , cleaning the nose , removing cow dung etc . with our hands .
wards/widows of deceased personnel died in harness/election duty , wards of personnel disabled due to causes attributable to government service and wards of personnel in receipt of gallantry awards .
as blood can not be bought one needs a voluntary donor to replace the blood before it is issued for transfusion .
infection toxins
maternal antibodies will neutralize vaccine virus when administered on the first day . better do it on the 5th day .
“The Cabinet expresses profound sorrow at the sad demise of Shri Manohar Parrikar , Chief Minister of Goa in the evening of 17th March , 2019 at Panaji , Goa .
I want this Government to be criticised .
if no reply is received within 30 days ( 35 days if application is lodged with passport seva kendras ) from the date of receipt by public information officer , then first appeal has to be filed within 30 days from the date when reply was due from passport seva .
normally , it will be in the nature of advance training under a guru/ master or in a recognized institution .
all other incidental matters .
I am happy to announce that we have decided to give gratis visa to all citizens of Myanmar who are interested in coming to India .
remember that the groups at the greatest risk are the elderly , the physically handicapped , and children -- - especially toddlers .
He was appointed as a Judge of the Supreme Court of India on 23rd April , 2012 .
geophysical condition of the village including topography , soil structure and ground water conditions .
from the perspective of e-commerce in india , the act 2000 and its provisions contain many positive aspects .
The Prime Minister appreciated the prompt steps taken by the President and his Government to firmly refute the malicious reports by publicly clarifying the matters .
This programme is to bring back to life our glorious past ; and connect Saurashtra with South Gujarat , the Prime Minister said .
for the complete information on registration and accessing the services , click here .
He inaugurated the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex , the Rani Gaidinliu Park , and other important development projects .
a child who is not immunized is more likely to become sick , permanently disabled or undernourished , and could possibly die .
lining and covering open wells , installing a hand pump and protecting the immediate area from animals and vandalism
this will send out short message service alerts when you get bank in account or you transact on your account .
referral services
interoperable criminal justice system shall be strengthened by leveraging several related applications , i .e . e-courts , e-police , e-jails and e-prosecution .
Highlighting the development works undertaken by the Government , he said that a Government with total majority can take bold decisions and work freely for the development of the nation .
Close people to people contacts constitute the foundation of special bilateral relation between India and Maldives , which received a positive momentum with the visit of Prime Minister , Narendra Modi to Male in November , 2018 for the Inauguration ceremony of the newly elected President of Maldives , Mr . Ibrahim Mohamed Solih , and the subsequent visit of the Maldivian President to India in December , 2018 .
frequently asked questions
how can the citizens benefit
if the pregnant woman thinks she has anaemia , malaria or hookworms , she should consult a trained health worker .
apply online for corrections , if any .
cyclonic storm
The Scheme also includes survey and investigations , preparation of DPR etc . of water resources projects on the common rivers with neighbouring countries like Pancheshwar Multipurpose Project , Sapta Kosi-Sun Kosi Projects in Nepal which would benefit both countries .
scholars will be paid enrolment/registration , tuition , games , union , library , magazine , medical examination and such other fees compulsorily payable by the scholar to the institution or university/board .
signs and symptoms
restoring lost or depleted productivity of the land .
the basic structural components of a bone are
Addressing the gathering on this occasion , the Prime Minister complimented industry representatives and all others present , for their efforts in improving India’s ranking in “Ease of Doing Business ( EoDB ) . ”
breast milk protects against illness because it contains antibodies that transfer the mother 's immunity or resistance to disease to the child .
students who qualify stage i will be eligible to appear for stage ii examination conducted by sciences .
provided further that where the account is closed under the first proviso , the account holder shall have to give an affidavit to the effect that she is not less than eighteen years of age as on the date of closing of account .
parents and other caregivers know that rapid and difficult breathing is a danger sign , requiring urgent medical help
seedlings , tubers , bulbs , rhizomes , roots , cuttings , all types of grafts and other vegetatively propagated material for food crops ( or ) cattle fodder
The identified areas of cooperation among others , include high speed corridors , speed raising of existing routes , development of world class stations , heavy haul operations and modernization of rail infrastructure , etc .
bank accounts will be opened for 15 crore poor persons .
post-harvest/ household / consumption requirements
all pregnant women need at least four prenatal care visits to help ensure a safe and healthy pregnancy .
simplified process for the students
In the second leg of his visit to Jammu and Kashmir , Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi visited Jammu today .
The Union Government is committed to cooperative federalism .
children in conflict with the law
take strict disciplinary action against those who attempt to bypass filtering or to access inappropriate or illegal material .
there shall also be no cost ceiling in terms of the construction cost .
At Mokama , the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone for four sewerage projects under the Namami Gange programme ; and four National Highway projects .
children who are exposed for a long time to high blood glucose in the womb are at higher risk of developing diabetes in the future .
The Prime Minister said 10 products of Varanasi and nearby regions , have received Geographical Indication tags .
following are the relevant provisions on chemical disaster management , prevailing in country  : -
“On the auspicious occasion of Cheti Chand , my best wishes to the Sindhi community .
request recipient to share account number .
The Prime Minister said thatgovernment is completely committed towards the empowerment of women .
use a unique password for each of your important accounts like email and online banking , etc . -
the level of inequalities in social and economical conditions is very high amongst particularly vulnerable tribal groups .
maximum credit limit based on agriculture income
healthy growth and development need to be supported with proper care to prevent malnutrition and infectious diseases .
it is advisable to make a heap up to minimum of 4 feet height .
how can parents prevent their children from participating in such deadly online games or intervene  ?
use form no . 7 should be used for that purpose
restricted amount of oil for cooking and not preparing the vegetables in fried forms will help to consume less amount of oil .
Taking into account the regulatory requirements of IFSCs and the provisions of the existing laws of financial sector , the Department of Economic Affairs ( DEA ) , Ministry of Finance ( MoF ) has prepared a draft Bill to set up a separate unified regulator for IFSCs .
the comments made by the employee not belonging to all india service may be hosted on the website of the ministry/ department from where the employee retired and on the website of the cadre controlling authority where a link may be provided .
He said the EoDB rank has improved by 65 spots in this period .
President Putin reiterated the invitation to the annual Eastern Economic Forum in September 2019 .
therefore , it is advisable to take up utmost care for prevention and control of disease .
electricity is provided to public places like schools , panchayat office , health centers , dispensaries , community centers etc .
to cater to the primary need of shelter , food , clothing , medical treatment and care of the women in distress and who are without any social and economic support .
after entering valid mobile pin or short name , menu will appear with different options of available services enabled for your bank .
due to increased risk due to small pelvis in a very short woman .
coal , oil and natural gas - the most utilised sources take thousands of years for formation .
the minimum support prices are announced by the government of india at the beginning of the sowing season for certain crops on the basis of the recommendations of the commission for agricultural costs and prices .
strengthening sub - centre through an untied fund to enable local planning and action and more multi-purpose workers .
respiratory infections like pneumonia and cold , cough , tonsillitis , bronchitis etc .
enter 7 for mobile pin and submit .
never prick or break any blisters that may form
The Prime Minister digitally inaugurated 11 Rural Self Employment Training Institutes ( RSETI ) Buildings and a Plant Phenomics Facility at IARI .
the most appropriate infant feeding option for the child of an antiretroviral-infected mother ultimately depends on individual circumstances .
intellectual property rights are emerging as a strategic business tool for any business organization to enhance industrial competitiveness .
the employer will then be liable for dues and penalties as already specified under the relevant provisions of the employees ' provident fund scheme , 1952 .
you have to overcome your fear .
the withdrawal referred to in sub-rule ( 1 ) shall be allowed only when the account holder girl child attains the age of eighteen years .
common proofs of identity and address are election photo card , ration card , passport and driving license .
please give your copy of aadhaar letter with your bank account number written on it or copy of your bank passbook .
government of india has developed a detailed statistical analysis to identify factors that may be necessary for measuring cleanliness across india in order to raise awareness about cleanliness and to instil a sense of competitiveness amongst villages , blocks , districts and states .
breast milk alone is the best food and drink for an infant for the first six months of life .
if you are not satisfied with the judgment of first appellate officer ,
promoting family planning .
always handle the baby gently , even when you are tired or upset
then the threat of sea-level rise is also looming large , threatening all the coastal cities .
PM to visit Hazira , Silvassa and Mumbai on 19th January , 2019
provide your personal details like name , address , phone no . etc .
as per gazette notification of ministry of finance , dated 1st june 2017 , aadhaar will be sought for all transactions for an amount inr 50 ,000 or above .
He also mentioned the use of CNG as fuel for public transport in the city .
it must be given for as long as specified , even if the child seems better .
The Prime Minister said technology is useful only if it provides benefit to the common man .
if one can not guarantee that the tissue will stay warm , do not re-warm it .
employers can post their vacancies with employment exchanges and choose from among the registered candidates as per their requirements .
the programmes adopt a common strategy of multi resource management involving all stakeholders within the watershed who , together as a group , co-operatively identify the resource issues and concerns of the watershed as well as develop and implement a watershed plan with solutions that are environmentally , socially and economically sustainable .
The Prime Minister said that the Government is determined to make the farmers capable and empowered .
marriage of a girl below the age of 18 years and a boy below 21 years is restrained under the child marriage restraint act 1929 .
He believed that our well-being lies in the development of India , the Prime Minister added .
national hydrogen energy road map
a child 's  :
The Prime Minister asserted that for global peace and regional peace , India should be capable and strong .
tips to submit 2nd appeal application under right to information act - 2005
He said the Government is committed to developing the Islands in accordance with the requirements of the environment .
The Prime Minister exhorted the officers to improve their work-culture , to incorporate both a “sense of urgency ” , and “measurability ” , in their performance .
print application form
The Prime Minister said that people-to-people ties are the strength of India-Myanmar relations .
foreign laws such as america ’ s digital millennium copyright act , 1998 do not bind people living in india , and no criminal action can be taken against you in india under these laws if you are downloading copyrighted movies in india .
if immature compost is applied to the soil , even after entering into the soil , it will undergo decomposition inside the soil , by taking nutrients from the soil .
known contact or contamination with a pesticide
His work in this sector augured extremely well for the people of India . ”
He said all the schemes of the Union Government are oriented towards bringing about a qualitative change in the lives of the people .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) among Brazil , Russian Federation , India , China , South Africa , regarding Cooperation in the Social and Labour Sphere .
on attaining the age of 60 years .
The Prime Minister said travel is a great Indian tradition , and travelling and interacting with people is a great learning experience .
raw jute
the national authority shall meet as and when necessary and at such time and place as the chairperson of the national authority may think fit .
to ensure optimum usage of core information & communication technology
a village will be deemed to be electrified if the electricity is used in the inhabited locality , within the revenue boundary of the village for any purpose whatsoever .
in many countries specific laws make it a crime to use another person 's identity for personal gain .
children must be immunized early in life .
after selling each crop from the sheds , thorough cleaning of sheds should be done by removing all fixtures , equipment , litter dust , debris followed by brooming and burning .
It had also obtained records , caste-wise , of OBCs admitted in higher educational institution as well as similar caste-wise data of recruits in Central Departments , Central Public Sector Undertakings , Public Sector Banks & Financial Institutions .
He added that the Government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research .
for prevention against impersonation and e-wallets swapping attacks  :
symptoms indicating discomfort
industry interface , and
sample inspection  :
stay away from buildings , street lights , power-lines , and such .
india has witnessed the world ’ s worst chemical ( industrial ) disaster “ bhopal gas tragedy  ” in the year 1984 .
The fact is , if a leader gets hold of a microphone with assured listeners to the tune of millions , what else does he need ?
many of these babies could be saved with post-natal care provided by a skilled birth attendant who will  :
it was created to fulfill the reserve bank of india ’ s desire to have a domestic , open loop , and multilateral system of payments in india .
school safety as an indicator of quality for planning , execution and monitoring -
“ cyber swachhta kendra  ” ( botnet cleaning and malware analysis centre ) sends an alert to the response teams , specifying the addresses of infected systems which are part of botnet and are performing malicious activities .
The MoU will encourage cooperation between India and Australia , through joint initiatives in the disability sector .
cleaning the mouth
on an average , five to six tropical cyclones form every year , of which two or three could be severe .
attached to vegetables that are ingested when the vegetables are not carefully cooked , washed or peeled  ;
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) signed between India represented by the Indian Space Research Organization ( ISRO ) and Oman represented by the Ministry of Transport and Communications on Cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space , in February , 2018 at Muscat .
surekha mote vs . state of maharashtra high court of bombay
The Prime Minister visited an exhibition on the scheme , before arriving on the dais to launch PMJAY at a huge public gathering .
in cases where majority of the insured farmers of a notified area , having intent to sow/plant and incurred expenditure for the purpose , are prevented from sowing/planting the insured crop due to adverse weather conditions , shall be eligible for indemnity claims upto a maximum of 25 per cent of the sum-insured .
“Saddened by the demise of Shri C . K . Jaffer Sharief Ji .
mobile security
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , launched the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi ( PM-KISAN ) from Gorakhpur today .
it can help replace the fluids lost due to diarrhoea .
decadal growth in rural population and
economically weaker section category of beneficiaries is eligible for assistance in all four verticals of the missions whereas low-income groups and middle income groups categories are eligible under only credit linked subsidy scheme component of the mission .
osteoblasts  :
Prime Minister visited Agartala today in the third and final leg of his day long tour to Assam , Arunachal and Tripura .
you should be able to reach your safe location on foot within 15 minutes .
The Prime Minister said that Indian values and culture offer solutions to many problems being faced by humanity .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today replied to the motion of thanks on the President’s Address in the Lok Sabha .
in case the market price for the commodity falls below the announced minimum price due to bumper production and glut in the market , government agencies purchase the entire quantity offered by the farmers at the announced minimum price .
scholarship will be awarded to the students who have secured not less than 50 % marks or equivalent grade in the previous final examination and the annual income of whose parents/guardian from all sources does not exceed rs .2 .00 lakh .
banks to ensure to incorporate name of nominee in kisan credit card-cum-pass book .
never handle or touch the injury more than absolutely necessary
apply cool , damp cloths to face and neck
securing systems
any other factor which the states may consider relevant may also be included .
accidental death / disability benefits
preference in govt . accommodation
so that customers can use a single app to scan and pay .
Name of MoUs/Agreements
contracts
although the sequence of emerging symptoms and the rate of disease progression vary from person to person , eventually individuals will not be able to stand or walk , get in or out of bed on their own , or use their hands and arms .
Once this Expressway is complete , Delhi will be connected via Expressway , to several major towns and cities of the State of Uttar Pradesh , from Noida in the west , to Ghazipur in the east .
transfer of connection due to death of subscription voucher holder
apart from the above documents you need to submit one of the following documents as residence proof  :
both must have at least one woman member each .
normally people with diabetes may also get hypertension ( b .p ) and it is better to restrict the intake of pickles , papad and adding less salt while cooking food .
objective
finally , it moves to the clinical where it spreads through the clinical .
With the commissioning of this project , Mizoram becomes the third power-surplus State in the North-East , after Sikkim and Tripura .
your credit or debit card can be cloned when you use it in a shop or restaurant .
The subject about which most of the people from across the country have written is “Our revered AtalBehari Vajpayee ” .
24 . The President of Maldives thanked the Prime Minister of India for the warmth , cordiality and gracious hospitality extended to him and members of his delegation during their visit .
application procedure
100 % institutional deliveries , full immunization of children , and observance of the small family norm .
Volume , scale and complexity of emerging applications demand continued evolution of new technologies for the foreseeable future .
various measures shall be taken to prevent disabilities .
design an assessment and certification mechanism .
it only takes a little bit of effort , a few tools , and some basic information to be safe for browsing the internet .
The deviant pay scales fixed w .e .f .
vision and mission
number of scholarship
Prime Minister Modi extended an invitation to Dr . LotayTshering to visit India .
your pets may be able to escape from your home or through a broken fence .
construction grant for construction of the building will be admissible to state governments , municipal corporations , cantonment boards and panchayati raj institutions only .
the mother and child should be checked regularly during the first 24 hours after childbirth , in the first week , and again six weeks after birth .
to access the information , click here .
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said that culture is the lifeblood of any nation as it gives identity to it .
preference under the scheme will be given to manual scavengers , women ( with overriding preference to widows ) , persons belonging to scheduled castes/ scheduled tribes/ other backward classes , minorities , persons with disabilities and transgenders subject to beneficiaries being from net present value segments .
I am told that there are over 500 projects with a total worth of nearly 15 ,000 crore rupees in the ten Smart Cities in the North East .
maximum purchase price
normal individuals are able to compensate rapidly for the low pressure created by standing .
this process can occur within one of the two carotid arteries of neck that carry blood to brain , as well as in other arteries of the neck or brain .
early menopause
do you know
maternal mortality statistics generally covers the following
sesame seeds and plenty of dark green leafy vegetables .
It is envisaged as a 9 MMTPA Refinery cum Petrochemical Complex .
states were classified into low performing states and high performing states on the basis of institutional delivery rate i .e . states having institutional delivery 25 % or less were termed as low performing states and those which have institutional delivery rate more than 25 % were classified as high performing states .
PM will inaugurate the newly constructed Madan Mohan Malviya Cancer Centre of Banaras Hindu University .
The Prime Minister was briefed on progress being made on various parameters related to Ease of Doing Business .
about 2 weeks old chicks are used to produce two batches of broilers or 4 .5 to 5 .5 months old chicks are used to raise laying hens which will be reared for 12 to 18 months for production of eggs .
it should be free from dry latrines , and open defecation , and should have sanitary toilets , drains and an efficient waste disposal system .
eligibility conditions and other restrictions
A Committee comprising of Secretary Department of Financial Services , Secretary Ministry of Electronics & I .T . and the CEO , National Payment Corporation of India ( NPCI ) will look into the industry cost structure of such transactions which will form the basis to determine the levels of reimbursement .
learn by trying things , comparing results , asking questions and meeting challenges
participants/ vendors shall deal with every defect and deficiency related to product/products and services and mahila e-haat shall not be responsible for any defect and deficiency .
later we will add another things like adding a mantra etc .
computerization of registration .
whether ‘ roads ’ for reaching home is recommended by authorities
the existing structures and mechanisms of governance under national health mission will be suitably adapted to fulfill the needs of sub-mission national urban health mission also .
the profile of the elderly population indicates that  :
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister expressed happiness at receiving the medal winners .
When he was RM , India witnessed a series of decisions that enhanced India’s security capacities , boosted indigenous defence production and bettered the lives of ex-servicemen ” .
indigenous pigs normally reared by farmers are bred indiscriminately without much choice of male .
Five Heads of States who grace the occasion were the President of Uzbekistan , Shavkat Mirziyoyev along with the Prime Ministers of Denmark , Lars Løkke Rasmussen ; Czech Republic , Andrej Babis & Malta , Dr Joseph Muscat .
41 . The Prime Minister and His Royal Highness reiterated to continue the ongoing close cooperation on a range of security issues , particularly on maritime security , law enforcement , anti-money laundering , drug trafficking , human trafficking , illegal migration , and other transnational organized crimes .
be at safe place and they try to collect correct information .
women who consume excessive alcohols are also at risk for osteoporosis .
children have the right to grow up in an environment in which they are enabled to reach their full potential in life .
the faeces should then be buried immediately .
there is no prescribed format of application for seeking information .
if you are not satisfied with the information provided by central public information officer , etc .
for industry
diabetes makes it harder for the body to get energy from food .
as of now , there is absolutely no comprehensive law on cybercrime any where in the world .
tamil nadu – 638
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that he had got to inaugurate projects related to the health sector , particularly Intensified Mission Indradhanush .
ayush that is ayurveda , yoga & naturopathy , unani , siddha and homoeopathy is gaining popularity .
fuel efficient cooking techniques  :
The 31st of October also is the death anniversary of our former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi .
He will inaugurate 10 Health and Wellness Centres .
The Prime Minister said the Union Government is using technology to improve ease of living , and greater ease of access to citizen-centric services .
· BRICS Network University Conference – 5 to 7 July ( Stellenbosch )
during prenatal visits , a trained health worker can provide the pregnant woman with iron-folic acid or multiple micronutrient supplements to prevent or treat anaemia .
“He recognised the folk arts and traditional dances as indicative of Indian culture , ” PM said .
The Prime Minister of India welcomed the expanding opportunities for Indian companies to invest in the Maldives in different sectors for the mutual benefit of both countries .
to induce a sense of responsibility and ownership for the nation as a whole through these close cross-cultural interactions as it intends to build up the inter-dependence matrix unequivocally .
you can deliver personally also , but mailing by registered speed post is preferable .
bumblefoot is a localized chronic infection of the foot , thought to be caused by puncture injuries .
fowl cholera usually strikes birds older than 6 weeks of age .
tribal people live in about 15 % of the geographical area of the country .
she could be given an extension of 3 months if they were good reasons for her not being able to complete it within 6 months .
The Prime Minister will lay wreath at the Martyr’s Memorial .
where high motor activity , tremors , spasms and shortness of breath are observed .
“Saddened on the demise of LS MP and former Union Minister Shri Sultan Ahmed .
Union Minister for Finance , Shri Arun Jaitley and Minister of State for Finance , Shri Pon Radhakrishnan were also present at the event .
On July 15th , the Prime Minister will visit Mirzapur , where he will dedicate the Bansagar Canal Project to the Nation .
The first phase of River Front Development at Patna will be inaugurated by PM .
Senior media persons from DainikJagran , including Shri Sanjay Gupta , joined the interaction from Noida , and shared their efforts to further cleanliness .
1 . At the invitation of Hon’ble Prime Minister of the Republic of India Shri Narendra Modi , and under the guidance of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques , His Royal Highness Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud , Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defence of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia paid his first State visit to India from 19-20 February 2019 , where he was received at the airport by the Hon’ble Prime Minister .
ensure proper use , timely maintenance and repair of hospital building equipment and machinery  ;
According to the report , five crore poor people in India have crossed the Poverty Line in the last two years .
if she has difficulty stopping , she should seek medical advice and support from a trained health worker , a health centre or a substance-abuse organization .
Praising the Bohra community , PM Modi said that it is his good fortune to have received the affection of Bohra community .
hence , it is important to use our spam facility efficiently .
the gram panchayats once selected by members of parliament ( whose tenures have ended on account of resignation or otherwise ) would be continued as such under gram panchayat irrespective of whether activities have already been initiated in the gram panchayat under gram panchayat or not .
a pregnant woman needs at least four prenatal visits with a trained health worker during every pregnancy .
In this context , the Prime Minister mentioned Mahatma Gandhi , Satyagraha , and the Charkha .
enhanced cost norms from rs . 6000 per ha . to rs .12 ,000/ha . in plains  ; rs .15 ,000/ ha in difficult/hilly areas
follow the advice of local emergency and law enforcement authorities .
“ India Africa Summit and a meeting of African Development Bank were held in India , recently ” , he said .
it can be solid or liquid with respective management methods .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for setting up of a Centre for Disability Sports at Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh , to be registered under the Societies Registration Act , 1860 .
He said the project would be eco-friendly as well as human-friendly .
Also in Kalyan , he launched the 90 ,000 units’ EWS and LIG Housing scheme under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana .
this is an additional security feature for financial transactions .
whether transport arrangement is approved by authorities
kidnappings
plan evacuation routes from your home , school , workplace , or any other place you could be where tsunamis present a risk .
the engagement of fresher apprentices shall be 20 % of total annual target .
to support parents of children for education of their wards studying in classes ix and x so that the incidence of drop-out , especially in the transition from the elementary to the secondary stage is minimized , and
He added that recognizing the tourism potential of Kerala , the government has sanctioned 7 projects in the State under the SwadeshDarshan and PRASAD schemes with funds worth Rs . 550 crore .
In particular , he appreciated the development initiatives carried out in the southern districts of Sukma , Dantewada and Bijapur .
lodge complaints under the following types
this is the first such effort at the national level with world bank assistance to cover 13 coastal states
pros and cons of nuclear power
user cans change mobile pin using this service .
all supplementary nutrition programme are given an annual grant or flexipool of rs1 ,000 per annum for meeting emergency costs like referral arrangements , shortage of medicines and utensils .
technology support is extremely vital for success of land based programme , specially in the development of wastelands .
At a large public meeting in Jujwa village of Valsad district , the Prime Minister will witness the collective e-Gruhpravesh of beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana ( Gramin ) – a flagship scheme of the Union Government which envisions “Housing for All . ”
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Morocco for Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space .
The following are the highlights of the decisions taken in the Cabinet meeting :
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi’s shared a message on World Tuberculosis Day .
treatment - administer antibiotics to control secondary infection , and vaccinate the flock .
the interest subvention scheme for farmers aims at providing short term credit to farmers at subsidised interest rate .
to achieve the goal of reducing the yield gaps in important crops
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post approval for the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India India and Canada .
maximum number of the participants must be provided employment at the end of the program .
students who pursue their studies through correspondence courses will be eligible towards reimbursement of non-refundable fee .
anemia
The Swachh Bharat Awards will also be distributed on this occasion .
On Citizenship Bill , PM urged people not be carried away by the rumours related to the citizenship bill .
no subsequent failure will be condoned except courses in group ' a ' and no further change in the course will be allowed .
appropriate domain experts will act as master trainers .
About , Ayushman Bharat , PM said , around 38 thousand people have already availed the benefits under it in Uttar Pradesh .
districts below the national average ( 87 districts/23 states )  ;
a mcafee research on carbon footprints of email indicated that a typical year of incoming mail for a user ( sending , filtering and reading ) creates a carbon footprint of around 135 kg .
agro enterprises
horticulture
the more numerous the watery stools , the more dangerous the diarrhoea .
U Tin Tun , Secretary of Union Election Commission of Myanmar
mature tropical cyclones
pregnant women and their families need to be able to recognize the signs of labour and the warning signs of pregnancy complications .
He said that relative backwardness of some regions is an injustice to the people of those regions .
Prime Minister Lee and I just made a tour of an outstanding exhibition of technology , innovation and enterprise .
survey/re-survey
the nirmal bharat abhiyan has been restructured into the swachh bharat mission ( gramin ) .
Mr Solih thanked the Prime Minister for his greetings and good wishes .
the pensioner has an option to choose either the amount of pension or the purchase price .
trade covered in competition  :
diseases like measles spread very quickly .
india is the diabetes capital of the world .
And , just as in India , here in Philippines also , the government wants to see change , bring about inclusive growth , Develop infrastructure , and fight corruption .
salient features
Gurudev Ramkrishna Paramhans used to cite , ‘serve living beings as if worshipping the almighty .
publish a list of all such latrines which were identified during the survey .
The Prime Minister said that the Government has also been making efforts at conserving the rich cultural heritage of the country .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given approval for creation of National Urban Housing Fund ( NUHF ) for Rs .60 ,000 crores .
The existing population of 26 .23 lakh of Patna agglomeration area is expected to be benefitted by Patna Metro Rail Project directly and indirectly .
causes of low efficiencies
select a convenient channel to transfer money
the building plans for schools shall be prepared only by a government certified engineer and the executive engineer concerned should inspect the building and award a structural stability certificate .
carry your emergency kit and let your friends and family know where you are going .
almost every mother can breastfeed successfully
Congress questions the EC and EVM but Modi is destroying institutions .
key strategies
it may not be a standard list of challenges and it is possible that curators of the game may come up with new ones .
if aadhaar card is not available , then any one of the following officially valid documents is required  : voter card , driving licence .
strengthening carrying capacity of traditional water sources
this includes a woman  :
More than 120 ,000 village councils in India have already been connected by nearly 300 ,000 kilometres of fibre optic cables .
capturing a woman who is undressed or in her undergarments , or
slum redevelopment projects and affordable housing projects in partnership should have basic civic infrastructure like water , sanitation , sewerage , road , electricity etc .
the clinical sign usually first noticed is watery eyes .
take pictures of the damage , both of the building and its contents , for insurance claims .
salient features of the plan
just ask the recipient to share the aadhaar number and transfer funds using mobile phones or internet .
these ponds may be lined with low density polyethylene , high density polyethylene to restrict seepage and percolation losses that are very high in north eastern hilly region region in india .
He said State Governments have a key role to play in this regard , and he has personally written to all Chief Ministers to join in this campaign .
Under the Japan-India Energy Partnership Initiative signed in January 2016 , the two sides had agreed to work together in promoting well-functioning energy markets and affirmed to promote a transparent and diversified Liquefied Natural Gas ( LNG ) market through the relaxation of Destination Restriction Clause .
diabetes causes 6 deaths every minute and one in 20 deaths in the world is due to the condition .
Prime Minister noted with appreciation the firm upward trajectory in the bilateral strategic partnership following the positive and far-reaching talks with President Trump in June this year .
hemorrhage ( antenatal during labour and postnatal )
to showcase the rich heritage and culture , customs and traditions of either state for enabling people to understand and appreciate the diversity that is india , thus fostering a sense of common identity  ;
if all the above said conditions are maintained in the composting , it will take sixty days ( 60 days ) for some of the physical parameters to be observed in the compost .
currently , the national scholarships portal has 9 participating ministry/departments and 21 registered schemes .
please click here to check your complaint status .
she may feel sad or tearful after the stress of pregnancy and labour
Your Excellency President Mahmoud Abbas
PM to lay Foundation Stone of Defence Corridor in Uttar Pradesh
For this purpose , we have started the Start-up India campaign .
the punishment is jail time of up to three years and/or a fine .
overseas indian deemed to be ordinarily resident at address given in passport .
It means this government has nearly doubled the investment .
About Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Sanitation , he noted that an International Report has noted that usage of toilets can help save lives of 3 lakh People .
who and where can the account be opened  ?
what is electronic toll collection  ?
and/or accompany the woman to the health facility in an emergency .
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Lucknow Metro Rail project and laid the foundation stone of Agra Metro Rail project .
14 . Recognizing the need to further upgrade the training infrastructure and capacity building of Myanmar Police , the two leaders welcomed the signing of the Memorandum on Upgradation of the Women’s Police Training Center at Yamethin in Myanmar with technical and financial assistance of Government of India .
in first phase , bombay , chennai , kanpur , guwahati , university of delhi , jawahar lal nehru university , calcutta , banaras hindu university , alone as well as with the help of faculty from foreign universities will be offering courses in areas of engineering education , social science , energy , management , basic sciences .
the validity period could be further extended for six months provided on retesting seed conforms to the prescribed standards in respect of physical purity , germination
Paying homage to Maa Annapurna , Prime Minister said that the Annapurna Dham Trust should give society the strength to ensure gender equality and prosperity for everyone .
scholarship scheme for children of workers in jute industry
use strong passwords
infrastructure grants to universities
to provide insurance coverage and financial support to the farmers in the event of failure of any of the notified crop as a result of natural calamities , pests & diseases .
use recycle paper
unified payment interface- is a unique payment solution as the recipient is now empowered to initiate the payment request from a smartphone .
aadhar process accepts 18 proof of identity and 35 poa proof of address documents .
the national health mission encompasses its two sub-missions ,
orders which a magistrate may pass under the act
they should have skin-to-skin contact with the mother and begin breastfeeding within one hour of birth .
containers for carrying and storing water need to be kept clean inside and outside and covered to keep the water clean .
Emphasizing the significance of the occasion , when a stamp on the theme of “Ramayana ” is being released in the precincts of the Tulsi Manas Temple , the Prime Minister said that stamps have a special place in society .
fourth dose  :
Cooperation between India and Russia spans across the whole gamut of sectors and rests on the fundamental pillars of political and strategic cooperation , military and security cooperation , cooperation in the spheres of economy , energy , industry , science and technology , and cultural and humanitarian cooperation .
in case of applicant passed xii exam from bachelor degree course , marks obtained in best of five subjects out of 500 will be considered for calculating the percentage of marks in minimum entry qualification .
however , others who normally have high blood pressure may develop symptoms of low blood pressure if their blood pressure drops to 100/60 .
when you are exposed to very cold temperatures for a long period of time , the skin and the tissues underneath the skin may freeze resulting in frostbite .
job identification
do not disobey any instruction of the district or civil defence authorities who would be doing their best to ensure the safety of you , your family and your property .
The government has been encouraging the self employment through the schemes like Skill India Mission , Stand-up India and Start-up India .
however , it is still possible to broadly identify the important activities . they would include  :
Programme of cooperation between the Government of Republic of India and the Government of Republic of Belarus in the field of culture for 2018-2020
He said that coordination between the Centre and the States has increased as a result of the PRAGATI mechanism .
At the same event , the Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone for medical colleges at Chaibasa and Koderma .
one method to set priorities is the ‘ key foods approach ’ which is defined as those foods that contribute upto 75 % of the nutrients intake by the population .
follow a healthy eating plan that emphasizes fruits , vegetables and low fat dairy foods .
warmth around the wound
all the beneficiaries visiting the facility are first registered in a separate register for pradhan mantri surakshit matritva abhiyan .
have successful relationships at later ages
He urged the Self Help Groups to register in the Government e-Market Place ( GeM ) to sell their produce .
for new establishments registered after 01 .04 .2016 , all new employees can be covered subject to meeting of necessary conditions .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratifying an Agreement between India and Armenia on cooperation and mutual assistance in customs matters .
Sushma Swaraj , Minister of External Affairs
they deteriorate and any surplus at the end of a course of treatment should be returned to the supplier ( chemist or doctor ) or flushed down the lavatory
integration with police and india post  :
switch to a solar inverter for your electricity requirements during power cuts -
the portal offers information on necessary points to remember and keep ready when any emergency accident or small injury occurs , in the house or in office , school , college or factory .
The Joint Working Group on FinTech between India and Singapore has been constituted for cooperation in the area of FinTech between the two countries .
objectives of ek bharat shreshtha bharat
berries and seeds
dry mouth ,
energy conservation tips while using irrigation pumpsets
there are exceptions to this – children in family businesses are allowed to work after school and during vacations .
use security software  :
brace overhead light and fan fixtures .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today inaugurated , or laid the foundation stone of important projects , cumulatively worth over Rs . 900 crore , in Varanasi .
coughing
Ever since he tookover as the Prime Minister of India , Shri Narendra Modi ensured that Mahatma Gandhi’s ideals , principles and teachings are held aloft , both in India and abroad , through his speeches and actions .
atal pension yojana addresses the old age income security of the working poor and the longevity risks among the workers in unorganised sector .
surveillance .
note 1  : so long as either of the parents is alive , only income of the parents , as the case may be , from all sources has to be taken into account only and of no other member even though they may be earning .
testing of cost effective technologies for increasing productivity of saline and alkaline soils .
The Prime Minister said that the Government’s commitment has ensured that the long pending issue of “One Rank One Pension ” has been resolved .
keep all point of sale systems regularly updated including point of sale application software .
on the death of a recipient , the said financial assistance may be continued at the discretion of the central government after examining the financial condition of the dependents .
it is a relatively clean fuel when compared to fossil fuels .
Mr . Ved Pal Additional Member ( Planning ) , Railway Board
It is expected to accelerate the development process of the country .
as per the 71st pradhan mantri gramin digital saksharta abhiyan survey on education 2014 , only 6 % of rural households have a computer .
compositional values of foods are useful in manifold ways as follows .
explain to them the importance of deciding what is best for themselves .
Mr . Dmitry Rogozin , Deputy Prime Minister of Russia called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today afternoon .
selection of candidates
She thanked Indian diaspora for their linkages with the motherland .
each document uploaded in there pository will have unique uniform resource identifier comprising of issuer one time password , document type and document one time password .
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi announced annual Sardar Patel Award for National Integration at the DGPs/IGPs Conference at Kevadia yesterday .
every municipal corporation , municipality , notified area committee , and town panchayat will become a unit of planning with its own approved broad norms for setting up of health facilities .
government of india have reserved 3 % of vacancies against identified posts in group ‘ c ’ and group ‘ d ’ for people with disabilities in central government ministries , public sector undertaking and banks .
the computer as a weapon  :
evacuation , rescue and relief .
for some women , this is even more important because the possibility of complications increases if they  :
there is reservation as per state government norms .
national agriculture market
The MoU was signed on 25th September 2018 .
birds that are fed an adequate diet made up from a good commercial feed are unlikely to suffer from nutritional problems unless there are additional factors involved , such as diseases that result in diarrhoea or otherwise interfering with the digestive system .
He exhorted them to study hard and develop a keen interest in sports as well .
25 metre x 30 metre ( within 15 km from municipal/town/village limits of the location offered in the same state ) ( sheheri and rurban vitrak )
individuals may develop problems with moving , swallowing ( dysphagia ) , and speaking or forming words ( dysarthria ) .
skill development
duration and renewal of awards
prerna scheme
Today , most sectors are on automatic approval route .
skimming scam , is a illegal copy of credit card information from the magnetic strip and misuse them .
these accounts have certain limitations such as balance at any point of time should not exceed rs 50 ,000 , total credit in one year should not exceed rs 1 lakh , and total withdrawal should not exceed rs 10 ,000 in a month .
make sure everyone in the family knows the name , address , and phone number of the contact person .
Prime minister urged them to remain focussed and work harder to achieve their goal of reaching the podium in the coming Olympics .
Korea is one of the leading tourist generating markets for India from East Asia .
girls who are educated and healthy and who have a nutritious diet throughout their childhood and teenage years are more likely to have healthy babies and go through pregnancy and childbirth safely if childbearing begins after they are 18 years old .
the designated banks will accept gold deposits under the short term ( 1-3 years ) bank deposit as well as medium ( 5-7 years ) and long ( 12-15 years ) term government deposit schemes .
pesticide exposure , head injuries , and living in the country or farming .
protection against mosquito bite
prevention - on fowl cholera endemic farms , vaccination is advisable .
check the packet for directions and add the correct amount of clean water .
however , in case two students of the same type of disability or group of course are not available , one set of books may be allowed for one such student also .
it also can happen after a sudden change in hormone levels , especially in women after childbirth .
tested for physical purity and germination
to ensure convergence and co-ordination of skill development efforts across multiple stakeholders in the skill landscape of the country  : central and state ministries/departments , private training providers , assessment agencies , industry bodies , and workers .
reason for delay in issuing driving license .
Over 2 lakh Common Service Centres ( CSC ) and 600 Krishim Vigyan Kendras ( KVK ) were connected through the video dialogue .
The world over , people prayed for the safe & secure exit of these children .
section 10 .5 .1 makes a reference to the role of national cadet corps and scouts and guides in schools and colleges for disaster management related work .
• The Philippines is a services power house just as India is .
the sankalp is a project to channelize the skill , experience and time available with central government pensioners into meaningful social intervention .
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Education of the Republic of Belarus
tiredness
if he/she is able to drink , give him/her some water .
it includes records , documents , memos , e-mails , opinions , advices , press releases , circulars , orders , logbooks , contracts , reports , papers , samples , models , and data material held in any electronic form .
He said the stress has been on preventive healthcare , and improving affordability and access to treatment .
Sardar Saheb was also a member of the constituent Assembly .
you will also get an email and alert ( if mobile no . provided ) on submission of application .
judicial procedures for the disabled
promotion of home stay for visitors .
online submission of application
non-observance of reserve bank directives on interest rates
the government of india has mandated that new vehicles being sold with effect from 1st october , 2017 will be affixed with active fastag
The UP Government is monitoring the situation very closely and is working on the ground to assist the affected ” , the Prime Minister said .
resolves the collection problem
ration card
it is conducted once in a year .
these responses by parents and other caregivers encourage children so they become well-adjusted and productive members of the family and community .
This budget provides for allocation of about Rs 1 lakh crore for the welfare of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes .
The issue relating to acquiring the membership of the “European Bank for Reconstruction & Development ( EBRD ) ” had been under consideration of the Government .
ShivaKumar Swamiji dedicated his entire life to Social Service .
as well as other risk behaviours including
what kind of jobs are children between 14 and 18 allowed to work in  ?
retirement solutions limited swavalamban , being aimed at economically disadvantaged sections of the society , shall have minimum and maximum limits of investment amount in each account prescribed by prudential pension funds and as amended from time to time .
The Prime Minister also spoke of the importance of value addition in farming .
if indoors
The Institution will consist of a hospital with a capacity of 750 beds and trauma center facilities .
guide the mother to put her baby on her chest for immediate skin-to-skin contact and initiation of breastfeeding soon after birth
bones go through a constant state of bone loss and re-growth .
the period of composting vary from substrate to substrate .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has has approved the Mutual Recognition Agreement between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) and The South African Institute of Chartered Accountants ( SAICA ) .
a farmer can save 15 litres of diesel every month simply by reducing the pipe height by 2 m .
however , having a family member with type 1 diabetes slightly increases the risk of developing the disease .
faster transaction processing  :
adjust your settings on social media to block the person .
even if your intention was to pay your rent when you wrote the cheque , but a few days later , your account balance went below the amount required to pay the rent cheque on the day your landlord presented the cheque for payment , you have still committed an illegal act .
( local administration may put sign boards ) .
eclampsia ( within the first two days or 48 hours after delivery ) , infection and hemorrhage ( heavy bleeding ) .
MOU between India and Palestine for construction of India Palestine Centre for Empowring women , “Turathi ” at a cost of US $5 million
The Prime Minister undertook a symbolic ground breaking for a new plot for submergence tolerant rice varieties .
The Government has undertaken a range of transformational initiatives .
note 3  : income certificate is required to be taken once only i .e . at the time of admission to courses which are continuing for more than one year .
collaboration with non government and civil society
the scheme aims at creating an enabling ecosystem for entrepreneurship development through entrepreneurship education and training  ;
PM reiterated that his government is making efforts to preserve and promote the memories of tribal heroes of our freedom struggle in museums and memorials .
public liability insurance act 1991
Asserting that good connectivity will lead to greater development , the Prime Minister said stress is being given to roads , railways , and waterways .
contribution by respective state governments  :
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today released a commemorative postage stamp on former Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh , Late Shri Hemvati Nandan Bahuguna .
if it does not stop , consult a trained health worker .
if the child passes several watery stools in one hour and vomits , there is cause for alarm – these are possible signs of cholera .
this information would help expedite police investigations to solve crime as well as to provide antecedent verification services to citizens .
it will raise farmer 's income and create potential market for traders .
He said he trusts the country’s medical sector to accomplish this task .
comprehensive risk insurance is provided to cover yield losses due to non-preventable risks , such as natural fire and lightning , storm , hailstorm , cyclone , typhoon , tempest , hurricane , tornado .
the actions that need to be taken in the event of a cyclone threat can broadly be divided into  :
Creating an Inclusive World : by economic mainstreaming of our people including in the banking and financial system ; 5 .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Cadre review of Group ‘A’ Executive Cadre of Central Industrial Security Force ( CISF ) .
cool the body of a heatstroke victim immediately
thick ropes and cords
the national disaster management authority of india had come out with very specific guidelines on chemical disaster management .
your healthcare provider may prescribe other medicine or give tips to help with a cold 's symptoms , but antibiotics are not needed to treat a cold or runny nose .
but the condition can affect people of all ages .
PM congratulated the middle class for the relief in taxes and said , I salute the middle class for their stellar contribution towards the development of the nation .
India had no claim on territory .
thus , tropical cyclones , characterized by destructive winds , torrential rainfall and storm surges disrupt normal life with the accompanying phenomena of floods due to the exceptional level of rainfall and storm surge inundation into inland areas .
check your computer for programs you don ’ t recognize , and uninstall them .
point-of-sale malware is a type of malicious software ( malware ) that is used by cyber criminals to target point of sale terminals with the intent to obtaining credit card and debit card information by reading the device memory from the retail checkout point of sale system .
ranikhet disease vaccine
Foundation stone for a new integrated building at Trichy Airport and for the modernization of Chennai airport will be laid by PM .
Minister of Human Resource Development .
• Explore possible collaboration between the European Spallation Source ( ESS ) , hosted by Sweden , and Indian partners .
The Prime Minister said that the Indian Army has participated in about 50 out of 70 major UN peacekeeping missions , and about 2 lakh soldiers have been a part of these operations .
During their meeting , Prime Minister extended a warm welcome to President Mirziyoyev and his delegation to Gujarat .
general legal provisions relating to the disabled lies in
to be eligible for assistance under the scheme , a person 's contribution to art and letters , etc must be of significance .
in order to link aadhaar with electronic toll collection , your demographic details – name , gender and date of birth should match .
A classical particle cannot escape easily from inside a deep well .
Earlier in the day , Secretary Tillerson also had detailed discussions with External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and National Security Adviser Ajit Doval .
election commission of india is a permanent constitutional body .
the expenditure on fish culture is drastically reduced as the pig excreta acts as substitute to fish feed and pond fertilizer which accounts for 60 % of the input cost in fish culture .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on occasion of various festivals across the country .
the members should be aged between 18 years completed and 59 years nearer birthday .
the houses under the mission should be designed and constructed to meet the requirements of structural safety against earthquake , flood , cyclone , landslides etc . conforming to the national building code and other relevant bureau of indian standards codes .
period of scheme
He praised the new work culture of the State Government .
The Prime Minister recounted instances in the past when the growth rate had fallen below 5 .7 per cent , witnessed in the last quarter .
listen to music that “ they  ” send you
the student concerned will be blacklisted and debarred for scholarship in any scheme for ever .
He said India is now among the select few countries which have developed the nuclear triad .
the departments of employment in various states of india allow unemployed educated youth residing in the respective states to pre-register for impending job vacancies occurring in different sectors of that state .
as people age , the immune system becomes less effective .
cat bites are the second most common cause of bites .
In the Indian Ocean region , our relationships are becoming stronger .
no employee can be sacked or demoted if they become disabled during service , although they can be moved to another post with the same pay and condition .
only first professional degree courses like nursing , agriculture , etc . duly recognized by the respective government regulatory bodies , such as all india council for technical education , medical council of india , university grant commission .
He emphasized on the potential of investment in the renewable energy and organic farming sectors .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , accepting the Fitness Challenge given by Virat Kohli , shared his fitness video today .
mothers around the world generally take on the primary role of addressing their children 's rights and needs .
projects and schemes
since breastfeeding helps to fight the illness and is important for the child 's growth , the mother should continue to breastfeed often .
problems with the eyes , ears , nose throat , teeth and neck
scheme for facilitating start-ups intellectual property protection
increasing the processing level ,
New power projects in J&K region will provide employment to youth : PM
Indus Waters Treaty was signed between India and Pakistan in 1960 for sharing of Indus waters .
PM will dedicate the electrification of Erode-Karur-Tiruchchirapalli and Salem-Karur-Dindigul railway lines to the nation .
many birds die from asphyxiation due to a blockage of the trachea when the tracheal plug is freed .
these are the basic symptoms of a child who may be inclined towards participating in this online game .
Shri Rajen Gohain
why are government schemes asking for aadhaar  ?
national urban health mission cover
challenges to active ageing
blue color aadhaar is valid like other aadhaar letter .
obtaining information in the form of diskettes , floppies , tapes , video cassettes or in any other electronic mode or through printouts where such information is stored in a computer or in any other device .
· Counter-Terrorism Working Group – 19 to 20 April ( White River , Nelspruit )
New AIIMS will add 100 UG ( MBBS ) seats and 60 B .Sc ( Nursing ) seats .
Lord Buddha has shown the world- that the power of inner strength or that of the soul is necessary for peace .
I am told that at the peak of the project , over twenty thousand labourers were working at the site .
the blind scholars will be given additional amount as 'readers charges ' as mentioned below  : -
the unit size is 25 sq .m including a dedicated area for hygienic cooking .
and if not , administer artificial respiration promptly .
duration and renewal of awards
necessary conditions & eligibility criteria
seek medical attention
along with families and the school , the community – both local authorities and civil society – can contribute to  :
ask an out-of-state relative or friend to serve as the 'family contact ' after the disaster  ; it is often easier to call long distance .
strengthening existing phcs and chcs , and provision of 30- 50 bedded
sit in your most comfortable place , either on the floor with your back supported or in a chair .
emergency management and research institute is a pioneer in emergency management services in india .
The Prime Minister complimented them for contributing to raising India’s profile on the global stage .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will inaugurate the 2018 edition of the World Sustainable Development Summit ( WSDS 2018 ) at VigyanBhawan in the capital tomorrow on Friday , 16thFebruary .
digilocker can be used to securely store e-documents as well as store uniform resource identifier link of e-documents issued by various issuer departments .
the scheme has the following two components .
parents should immediately seek help from a trained health worker if the child  :
scholarship for integrated courses - the agriculture is restricted to first professional degree courses only .
Welcome to India!
The Prime Minister announced that the Union Cabinet would approve the implementation of Minimum Support Price of 150% of the input cost , in its forthcoming meeting , for the notified crops of Kharif season 2018-19 .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the special package for employment generation in leather and footwear sector .
to support students with disabilities for their study in classes ix and x onwards so that the incidence of drop-out , especially in the transition from the elementary to the secondary stage is minimized ,
if people with type 1 diabetes do not have access to insulin , they will die .
if the doctor forms an opinion that your mental health will suffer if the pregnancy continues , he or she can perform the abortion .
India has over 460 million internet users and 1 .2 billion mobile phones in use .
step iv - sign the form and attach the following  :
The MoU was signed in three originals each in Hindi , English and French language .
prevention and early detection of disabilities
We call upon all countries to reach a balanced outcome under the Paris Agreement Work Programme during COP-24 that enables operationalization and implementation of the Paris Agreement .
how to update my aadhaar in ration card  ?
this may be , for instance , a piece of glass , wood or metal .
India’s voice is being heard in every organization of which she is a member .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved that the Merchant Discount Rate ( MDR ) applicable on all debit card/BHIM UPI/ Aadhaar enabled Payment System ( AePS ) transactions upto and including a value of Rs . 2000 will be borne by the Government for a period of two years with effect from 1st January , 2018 by reimbursing the same to the banks .
the punishment is jail time of up to three years along with a fine .
promote “ build back better  ” in recovery , rehabilitation and reconstruction
the conversion of coir fibre into yarn on motorized ratts in rural households provides scope for large scale employment , improvement in productivity and quality , better working conditions and higher income .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has greeted the nation on the auspicious occasion of Dhanteras .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , released the new series of visually impaired friendly circulation coins , in New Delhi .
electronic ratt
through the lungs
they should be entitled to maternity leave , employment protection , medical benefits and , where applicable , cash support .
magnetic resonance imaging scans of the head , and
school buildings have to be insured against fire and natural calamities with group insurance of school pupils .
timely detection of risk factor during pregnancy and childbirth can prevent deaths due to 5 preventable causes .
saves about 2 ,500 kwh of energy
all document should be in format
this amount would be paid only at the award ceremony .
user can know their mobile money identifier which was allotted to him/her by bank during mobile banking registration .
More than 90 percent approvals have been put on automatic route .
the governor may , by public notification , direct that any particular act of parliament or of the legislature of the state shall or shall not apply to a scheduled tribes or any part thereof in the state , subject to such exceptions and modifications , as specified .
government departments
hence follow the instructions given in the respective state portal .
women victims of domestic violence , family tension or discord , who are made to leave their homes without any means of subsistence and have no special protection from exploitation and/ or facing litigation on account of marital disputes  ; and
He also inaugurated the new ESIC Hospital at Bhubaneswar .
after a successful authentication a acknowledgement is sent to your mobile number including your jeevan pramaan certificate number .
when they see and hear familiar faces and voices  ; and when they handle different objects .
graduate/ post graduate courses leading to degree , diploma , certificate in areas like pharmacy ( pharma ) , nursing ( nursing ) , other para-medical branches like rehabilitation , diagnostics etc . , mass communication , hotel management & catering , travel/tourism/hospitality management , interior decoration , nutrition & dietetics , commercial art , financial services ( e .g . banking , insurance , taxation etc . ) for which entrance qualification is minimum sr . secondary ( 10+2 ) .
On the betterindia .com website , I have read about many of his endeavours that serve as an inspiration to society .
There are many exemplary personalities such as Dr . Jaya Chandran and SulagittiNarsamma , who dedicated their lives to the welfare of all in society .
MoU on the establishment of an Expert Group on Trade Remedy Measures to promote cooperation in areas of mutual interest .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today presented the National Bravery Awards to 18 children .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Amendment to the Article 3 of the Agreement between India and Bhutan regarding Mandechhu Hydro Electric Project ( MHEP ) in order to extend the loan repayment tenure by two years extended by India to Bhutan , for implementation of the said Project in Bhutan from fifteen ( 15 ) to seventeen ( 17 ) years .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Dipa Karmakar on winning Gold in vault event at FIG World Challenge Cup .
The POCSO Act , 2012 was enacted to Protect the Children from Offences of Sexual Assault , Sexual harassment and pornography with due regard for safeguarding the interest and well-being of children .
before spraying khadi soap solution @ 10 ml/litre should be added to help the extract stick well to the leaf surface .
it 's common that people who 've had a stroke experience some memory loss .
application process
the first thing to do here would be to try and block the person from your social media network and on email .
( vii ) sharing of experience on the modalities adopted on audit of processes and procedures followed by various Government Agencies in recruitment of posts under the delegated powers .
the sexual harassment of women at workplace ( prevention , prohibition and redressal ) act and rules 2013 .
residential applications
masur ( lentil )
fathers should support mothers who are breastfeeding by caring for the sick child and other children in the family , and by helping with household tasks .
it ’ s not very original , and it isn ’ t very safe !
this will allow you to continue getting the benefits , subsidy or services without any restrictions .
mechanisms for involving third parties in construction and management activities under gram panchayat and community supervision can be explored .
in alzheimer ’ s disease , parts of the cell ’ s factory stop running well which affects the other functions too .
the guidelines recommends practical and effective ways for awareness generation , capacity building , education , training and research & development for better tsunami risk management .
5 . Grant-in-Aid to Government of Tripura for maintenance of Brus lodged in relief camps of Tripura .
the downloaded aadhaar or e-aadhaar is a digitally signed document by short message service as per act , 2000 which provides for legal recognition of electronic records with digital signatures .
answer simple questions
genetic testing for aspartoacylase gene mutations
Through this bill , we will ensure that all DNA tests remain reliable and the data is safe .
suckling pigs
The Prime Minister outlined the massive increase in investment and outlays in some key sectors over the last three years .
under the scheme 300 fellowships would be awarded at the rate of rs . 25 ,000 per month for a period of 3 years to the selected fellows .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , todayinteracted with citizens fromvillages across the country which has been electrified since 2014 .
Indian companies have invested over US$ 54 billion in Africa .
The coins were released at a function at 7 , Lok Kalyan Marg , where visually impaired children were specially invited .
energy resources are limited -
Heads of State and Health Ministers from various countries and 1200 delegates would be participating in this forum .
Prophet Mohammad Sahib ( peace be upon him ) believed in twin principles of knowledge and compassion .
it may be less convenient , but picking multiple passwords keeps you safer .
PM inaugurated the electrification of 297 km long section of Jhansi- Khairar section .
the tenor of the bond is for a minimum of 8 years with option to exit in 5th , 6th and 7th years .
digital literacy is the ability of individuals and communities to understand and use digital technologies for meaningful actions within life situations .
meditation is relaxing .
climate change and sustainable agriculture  : monitoring , modeling and networking
The Prime Minister will press a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue .
the jammu and kashmir employees ' provident fund act , 1961
setting up of 7 new research parks modeled on the research park setup at madras
features
every child has her or his own interests , temperament , style of social interaction and approach to learning .
bureau of indian standards has modified the licensing condition for refiners already having national accreditation board for testing and calibration laboratories accreditation from the existing three years refining experience to one year refining experience .
how to fix them
the antiretroviral-positive mother should be counselled and provided with information to help her decide which feeding option is best for her baby and most manageable for her .
sometimes respiration is delayed in newborn piglets .
He will also inaugurate a dialysis centre at Bijapur Hospital .
the description of the post ( job role ) for the new employment needs to be specified along with the date of joining and date of exit , if applicable .
mild body aches
post your suggestion
The Prime Minister credited Mr . Goh Chok Tong as an early and strong votary of ASEAN’s engagement with India .
snakebite symptoms
The Prime Minister said that when India was not independent , its knowledge , and its traditions such as Yoga and Ayurveda were belittled .
Top officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare , NITI Aayog and PMO , briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme .
these practices include washing vegetables and fruits , keeping food preparation surfaces clean , and washing hands with soap and water or with a substitute , such as ash and water .
improper disposal of solid waste , including domestic , commercial and industrial waste and dumping of construction debris into the drains also contributes significantly to reducing their capacities .
relaxed norms of public procurement for startups
before putting the baby to the breast or feeding the baby breast milk ( or breast milk substitute ) from a cup , it helps to clear the baby 's nose if it is blocked with secretions .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the restructuring of existing National Health Agency as “National Health Authority ” for better implementation of Pradhan Mantri – Jan Arogya Yojana ( PM-JAY ) .
high body temperature .
keep away from beaches and low banks of rivers .
The incorporation of ‘Standby Swap’ within the approved SAARC Swap Framework would provide necessary flexibility to the Framework and would enable India to provide a prompt response to the current request from SAARC member countries for availing the swap amount exceeding the present limit prescribed under the SAARC Swap Framework .
He said that from a time of “policy paralysis ” , India had moved to “Reform , Perform , Transform . ”
created by employer -
it is important to ask this question because a person suffering from a heart attack will have similar symptoms , but he will be able to talk .
deal with the situation calmly .
it is instant , 24 hours , available across banks .
And in this , India stands ready as a willing and committed partner to enhance cooperation and support each other’s national efforts ; I look forward to our progress together on this path .
monthly
Now in this budget , over 12 crore farmers and their families , 3 crores middle class taxpayers and 30-40 crore laborers will be directly benefitted .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the creation of one post each of Vice-Chairperson and Member in the National Commission for Safai Karmacharis .
The new line represents one more link in the Union Government’s push to modernize urban transport in the country .
The Prime Minister spoke about how the Union Government is working towards modernizing urban infrastructure in India .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the creation of one post of Director in the basic pay of Rs . 2 ,25 ,000/- ( fixed ) plus NPA but not exceeding Rs .2 ,37 ,500/- each for new AIIMS at Rae Bareli ( Uttar Pradesh ) , Gorakhpur ( Uttar Pradesh ) , Bathinda ( Punjab ) , Guwahati ( Assam ) , Bilaspur ( Himachal Pradesh ) and Deoghar ( Jharkhand ) .
rest in shade , take breaks if you must work in the sun
one method is to rub the body with neem paste , letting it dry , and then having a bath .
candles and matches in a waterproof container
a direct benefit is that these workers will have access to social security benefits of the organized sector .
all aspects related to environment such as policies , tips , technologies , etc are covered in this section .
the prognosis for a coma varies with each situation .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , addressed a public meeting in Jaipur today .
At BJ Medical College ground , PM will launch various projects related to health and railways .
The Prime Minister said this vision can be understood through the acronym SAGAR – Security and Growth for All in the Region .
metabolic errors in energy utilization may favour fat accumulation .
My dear countrymen , we celebrate Pravasi Bharatiya Divas on January 9 th every year .
measles can be extremely dangerous for malnourished children , so they should be immunized against measles , especially if the malnutrition is severe .
tropical cyclones are large-scale weather systems developing over tropical or subtropical waters , where they get organized into surface wind circulation .
provision of all weather rural connectivity to unconnected rural habitations and upgradation of existing roads to provide market access .
indian banks association will communicate the list of the licensed gold monetisation scheme and refiners to the banks .
while the mother has the primary role of breastfeeding the child , the father can support her by making sure she has nutritious food , helping with household and childcare responsibilities , and being emotionally supportive of her , the baby , the older children and other family members .
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December .
there are five particularly vulnerable tribal groups in the andaman islands such as great andamanese , jarawas , onges , sentineles and shom pens .
1 day
at least one woman member from each identified rural poor household , is to be brought under the self help group network in a time bound manner .
standards-led delivery
Emphasizing the importance of “Ease of Living , ” the Prime Minister said that the role of the Government should be one of a facilitator , more than a regulator .
implementing agencies and eligibility criteria
besides reimbursement of non-refundable fee , such students wile also be eligible for an annual allowance of rs . 900/- for essential /prescribed books , as applicable .
it will increase domestic production and certification of organic produce by involving farmers
check the house  ; secure loose tiles and carry out repairs of doors and windows
an increase in domestic value addition and technological depth in manufacturing .
The Prime Minister urged the Self Help Groups to be innovative and understand theirmarket better .
increase dietary fiber , i .e . , eat whole grain foods
activities for violence and crime free villages such as  :
coir pith should be spread to the length of 4 feet and breadth of 3 feet .
as attendee  : the volunteer may accompany the victim in the ambulance/ hospital .
He said enhanced rail connectivity will facilitate movement of people and make mineral resources more accessible to industry .
The Governing Board of Nalanda University has since been constituted as per section 7 of Nalanda University Act , 2010 with effect from 21 .11 .2016 with , the approval of Hon’ble President of India .
package 4  : immediate newborn care
the pipeline arrangement that has many bends and unnecessary fittings cause higher diesel consumption .
apply access control lists on the router configuration to limit un-authorized traffic to point of sale devices .
Mr . Na Hee-seung , President KRRI
information corner
it is finally plastered with wet mud and left undisturbed for 8 to 10 weeks .
post recruitment and pre - promotion training
neem kernel extracts ( 500 to 2000 ) is required per tank ( 10 liters capacity ) .
The Prime Minister conveyed his best wishes to the newly elected representatives .
all pregnant women belonging to the below poverty line households and st category .
( iv )CRZ Clearances streamlined : The procedure for CRZ clearances has been streamlined .
“Drugs are not cool .
There is hardly a day which does not have a festival ascribed to it .
if exposed to a suspected rabid animal
Ministry of Human Resource Development ( MHRD ) , Government of India has taken up number of technology enabled learning initiatives under National Mission on Education through ICT ( NMEICT ) .
We advocate for a strong Global Financial Safety Net with an adequately resourced , quota-based International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) at its centre .
in animals  :
the criterion of educational qualification is not applicable for applicant belonging to freedom fighter category .
by providing adequate penal provisions as deterrent for violation of laws for the time being in force  ;
But the mutual relations of our people is older than this .
if public authority have not appointed assistant public information officer/public information officer to receive the application or to supply the sought information
Prime Minister Modi conveyed his good wishes for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Malaysia .
He said that those having self-confidence and self-belief will not easily fall prey to drugs use .
water for swimming is not at all necessary but a pool , provides exercise , promotes health , keep the eyes , bill and vent clean .
 . for publishing and sharing pornographic material , the punishment is jail time of up to five years and a fine of rupees ten lakh .
according to section 67 of information technology act and section 509 of the indian penal code , the director ( s ) of social networking as well as those who created and updated such fake profiles are liable to the same
drink boiled potable water in an emergency that has been boiled for at least 15 minutes and consumed it the same day .
the state government/union territory administration shall constitute a committee of the departments implementing such scholarship schemes to ensure that the students from the minority community , who may also belong to minority communities category , does not avail scholarship from other sources for the same purpose and avail only from one source .
janani suraksha yojana is a safe motherhood intervention under the national rural health mission .
It is also proposed to establish Joint Master Degree Programmes between Indian and Afghanistan Universities / Institutions .
The Prime Minister also laid the foundation stone of various drinking water schemes .
failure to issue or delay in issue of drafts , pay orders or bankers ’ cheques
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Indian community in Jakarta .
payment to post office would be through account payee cheque for purchasing national saving certificates .
9 . The Prime Minister of India congratulated the people of Maldives for their successful and peaceful transition to democracy .
extended aeration system
while this provision is pretty clear , the law does not define what 'persistent vegetative state ' means .
pradhan mantri awaas yojana ( gramin )
objective
preparation and handling of various inputs , including seeds , fertilizers and pesticides are covered here
a new syringe must be used for every person being immunized .
mortality in mature birds is usually less than 5 per cent .
under-developed nature of the area  ; and
good governance  :
at the national level , the national health mission has a mission steering group headed by the union minister for health & family welfare and an empowered programme committee headed by the union secretary for health & fw .
the aim is also to enrich and enhance teaching and learning of science and mathematics at senior secondary level by providing free and online resources to everyone , with a focus on special incentives and support to 1000 selected disadvantaged girls per year .
plaques build up between nerve cells and tangles are twisted fibers that form inside dying cells .
and electronic identity theft .
millions of child deaths from pneumonia can be prevented if  :
india being the birth place of buddha and buddhism has always been favorite place for learning buddhist art and culture for tibetan students  ;
in case of geographic dispersion or scattered settlements of socially and economically disadvantaged groups the “ slum/vulnerable clusters  ” selection of accredited social health activist can be done at a smaller population .
babies can be born with low birthweight , which can affect their health and survival .
she needs to know the warning signs of serious pregnancy complications .
The Prime Minister affirmed that India attaches the highest priority to its ties with Afghanistan .
ITPO has stated that the entire project is expected to be completedby September 2019 .
schools are also directed to scrupulously follow the directions given in the circular number 02 dated july 29 , 2009 regarding restriction of using mobile phones in school environments to ensure safety of children .
the scheme does not in any way entitle the start-up or the facilitator to grant or registration , as the case may be , of the opposition  ; the applications shall be disposed off as per the relevant laws and rules .
the provision of not allowing withdrawal from the account till the age of 18 has been kept to prevent early marriage of girls .
“Talented and hardworking , Arpinder Singh has secured the Gold in the Men’s Triple Jump event .
social networks are fun to use , helpful for job hunting , and great for keeping in touch with friends , business contacts , and relatives .
He added that this is a fight for the future of India’s youth .
also , messages by municipal bodies from time to time and act accordingly .
portability through universal account number for employees provident fund
wash plates , utensils and pans immediately after eating and put them on a rack to dry
The Prime Minister noted that Governors are also Chancellors of Universities .
strengthen disaster risk governance at all levels from local to centre
Mr . Modi will also lay foundation stone for permanent building at KendriyaVidyalaya in Sonepur .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has urged all eligible voters on the occasion of National Voters’ Day to register themselves and use their right to vote to strengthen the democracy .
when you attempted to deposit the cheque into your bank account , the complaint can be filed before a magistrate with jurisdiction over the branch of your bank where you hold an account .
a separate house should be there to keep the animals suffering from contagious diseases .
The Prime Minister said this entire region of the Nicobar Islands , and the nearby Malacca Strait , is important from the point of view of both resources and security .
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena .
· 3rd BRICS SoE Forum on Governance and Reform ( Durban )
do not stay in these structures should there be a tsunami warning .
in case of change in sim/mobile/application of the unified payment interface , customer would require to re-register themselves for upi .
mixed feeding not only greatly increases the risk of transmitting antiretroviral to the baby in the first six months but also causes more illness , such as diarrhoea and pneumonia , and malnutrition , and increases the risk of death .
the most common type of primary headache .
green leafy vegetables
the `` unorganized workers social security act , 2008 '' came into operation w .e .f 31st december 2008 and it encompassed ten social security schemes benefiting the unorganized workers including the rashtriya swasthya bima yojna .
rich fiber diet to avoid constipation .
pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana is a replacement scheme of nais / mnais , there will be exemption from service tax liability of all the services involved in the implementation of the scheme .
The Mission has now initiated implementation in 4884 blocks spread across 600 districts in 29 States and 5 Union Territories .
canavan disease is passed down ( inherited ) through families .
to enable them to start their life afresh with dignity and conviction .
The captain of Maharashtra Under-21 Women’s Kabaddi team , Sonali Helvi is from Satara .
inclusion of several new definitions such as orphaned , abandoned and surrendered children  ; and petty , serious and heinous offences committed by children  ;
fifty or more farmers will form a cluster having 50 acre land to take up the organic farming under the scheme .
gases produced can smell and the pit requires quite a large space .
this cyberspace is the lifeline of the entire universe and given its irreversible position today , it is the duty of every netizen to contribute toward making the said cyberspace free of any trouble or cybercrime .
Your visit , Prime Minister , is a long-anticipated moment in the journey of friendship between India and Israel .
We remember him and bow before him on his Mahaparinirvan Diwas on 6th of December .
the law on criminal procedure considers crimes in which the police can begin investigation or make arrests without permission from the court as ‘ cognizable ’ crimes .
the department works in arresting land degradation , land ownership reform , and maintaining ecological balances .
it would primarily focus on slum dwellers and other marginalized groups like rickshaw pullers , street vendors , railway and bus station coolies , homeless people , street children , construction site workers .
in case family members are separated from one another during an earthquake ( a real possibility during the day when adults are at work and children are at school ) , develop a plan for reuniting after the disaster .
destruction of larvae and pupae
The Prime Minister also interacted with the beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana : Ayushman Bharat .
· 4th Round of the BRICS Policy Planning Consultations
by the age of 8 years
the second category of cybercrimes is that of cybercrimes against all forms of property .
to have the guarantee of regulation of the profession of rehabilitation professionals by a statutory council under the control of the central government and within the bounds prescribed by the statute
non-discrimination
in high risk areas , yearly vaccinations are recommended .
do not rush and do not worsen the situation of injured persons or your own situation .
for addressing the special needs of female freed bonded labourers , state government shall also provide financial and other assistance for marriage , apart from other capacity building measures mentioned earlier .
integration of departments of health and family welfare , at national and state level
a programme to give wings to girl students
objectives of the schemes are  :
unified payment interface is an instant payment system built over the immediate payment service infrastructure and allows you to instantly transfer money between any two parties bank accounts .
delay can be fatal .
Building of infrastructure should enhance economic activities and add to the atmosphere of development , the Prime Minister said .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with the beneficiaries of various Digital India Mission schemes from across the country , through video bridge .
Elaborating on the more energetic and purposeful approach to project completion in the Union Government , the Prime Minister explained how the PRAGATI system set up in the Prime Minister’s Office enables monitoring of stalled projects through video conferencing .
for children , the quantum of rations and meals received depends on their malnutrition levels .
He will distribute appreciation letters to five Women Self Help Groups .
deep litter housing
all persons below the age of 18 are children .
ensure optimal use of hospital land as per govt . guidelines  ;
what is portability  ?
neeranchal is a world bank assisted national watershed management project .
facilitates legally valid signatures -
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted teaching community on the occasion of Teachers’ Day .
He said the ocean’s innate potential adds economic muscle to our national development .
They have no name to offer as the nation’s next leader .
All of us are experiencing Global warming , climate change now .
mothers who fear they do not have enough breast milk often give their babies other food or drink in the first few months of life .
Reiterating the emphasis of the Government on the health sector , PM said the idea is to ensure that everyone is healthy and health care is affordable .
integrated farming system is an interdependent , interrelated often interlocking production systems based on few crops , animals and related subsidiary enterprises in such a way that maximize the utilization of nutrients of each system and minimize the negative effect of these enterprises on environment .
uranium is mined from many places around the world .
“My visit has its own significance as this is the first time ever that an Indian PM is visiting Israel .
The Prime Minister asserted that a nation that does not honour and remember those who created , or are an important part , of its history , often does not have a secure future .
During his earlier visit on 20 November 2016 , he launched PM Awas Yojana ( Gramin ) .
the bird , intestines , and faeces emit a faetid odour .
neeranchal - world bank assisted watershed management programme
fresh application  :
diabetes .
He will lay the foundation stone for the National Tribal Freedom Fighters’ Museum during the event .
they can cause colic , vomiting and eventually diarrhea , possibly followed by collapse .
application should be submit in english , hindi or any other state languages
* 99 # services
in other deserving cases , the condition of two years may be relaxed with the approval of the secretary on case-to-case basis .
toxic-metabolic encephalopathy
this section gives the details about online legal services initiative and related various useful link information .
The meeting was attended by Home Minister Shri Rajnath Singh , the Lt . Governors of Andaman & Nicobar Islands and Lakshadweep , CEO NITI Aayog , and senior officials from the Union Government .
the delivery of services to the beneficiaries is as follows  :
the mill unit should authorize a single representative and forward the details to recognised school / college who shall be responsible for operation of the scheme .
free look period
if soap is not available , ash and water can be used as a substitute .
Though the Government has taken many steps for the upliftment of the SafaiKaramcharis , the deprivation suffered by them in socio-economic and educational terms is still far from being eliminated .
release of funds
district election officer at the district level
· 4th BRICS STI Working Group Meeting of Funding Parties – 30 June ( Durban )
10 weeks
He said that strong pathways to commercialization , are needed to leverage our Research & Development achievements , through industrial products .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will meet and interact with a delegation of about 150 sugarcane farmers at Lok Kalyan Marg on June 29 , 2018 .
an exception to this exception is hiring children in a circus - that is not allowed and is illegal under the law .
how does it work
for better control of blood sugar instead of using only rice include other grains like wheat , jowar , ragi or unpolished  ; rice in the diet , eating only white rice is not going to help to control blood sugar .
this will help you prepare for a cyclone emergency .
In this regard , the Prime Minister also mentioned the government’s “Ek Bharat Srestha Bharat ” initiative .
many dangers , illnesses or even death can be avoided if the woman plans to give birth attended by a skilled birth attendant , such as a doctor , nurse or midwife , and makes at least four prenatal visits to a trained health worker during the pregnancy .
gram panchayat office and libraries in public places
bleeding or fluid from the vagina that has a bad smell
He stressed that he greatly valued the mutually beneficial ties between India and Sri Lanka , and remained steadfast to work with the Prime Minister for futher strengtheing them .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 197 kg per air conditioner
these records will be tamper-proof
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has saluted air warriors and their families on Air Force Day .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed a public meeting at Chotila , in Surendranagar district .
grow-out test  :
a showroom with minimum outer dimensions of 3 metre by 4 .5 metre as per the standard layout is to be made in a shop / land located in the advertised location i .e . within the municipal/town/village limits of the place which is mentioned under the column of ‘ location ’ in the advertisement .
Congress did not give a Bharat Ratna to Dr . Ambedkar for forty years and nor did Congress put Dr . Ambedkar’s portrait in Central Hall of Parliament .
“Dictionary of Martyrs : India’s Freedom Struggle ( 1857-1947 ) ” , Volume 5 .
the bulbs will be distributed through special counters set up at designated places in the city .
the juvenile justice board is given the option to transfer cases of heinous offences by such children to a children ’ s court ( court of session ) after conducting preliminary assessment .
children are more vulnerable than adults to the conditions under which they live .
MOU between Global Centre for Nuclear Energy Partnership ( GCNEP ) , India , and CNEA , the Secretariat of Energy , Argentina
eligibility criteria
in order to give relief to small and marginal farmers who would have to borrow at 9 % for the post harvest storage of their produce , the central government has approved an interest subvention of 2 % i .e an effective interest rate of 7 % for loans upto 6 months .
The Prime Minister spoke at length of the tourism potential of the State .
voter card
creating database on soil resources through land use survey ,
to lodge an online complaint with the respective banking ombudsmen , click here .
in case of rural landless household remaining 50 % premium shall be borne by the state government/ union territory and in case of other occupational group the remaining 50 % premium shall be borne by the nodal agency and/or member and/or state government/ union territory
aadhaar is a 12 digit individual identification number issued by the unique identification authority of india on behalf of the government of india .
it is fuel efficient .
The two Prime Ministers will visit Sabarmati Ashram , established by Mahatma Gandhi on the banks of the Sabarmati River .
increase fluid intake as soon as diarrhoea starts by drinking solution or home-made preparation of table salt 5 grams ( 1 teaspoon ) in and 20 grams ( 4 teaspoons ) of sugar dissolved in 1 litre of drinking water .
never post photographs and any other sensitive information to unknown persons in social network sites
biofuel contains no petroleum , but it can be blended at any level with petroleum fuel to create a biofuel blend .
tap on a pipe or wall so rescuers can locate you .
follow posted tsunami evacuation routes  ; these will lead to safety .
high blood pressure does not mean excessive emotional tension , although emotional tension and stress can temporarily increase blood pressure .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Jordan on Cooperation in the Field of Manpower .
play continues to be a basic medium of teaching and learning in the early school years .
listen to weather forecast at all india radio , doordarshan .
• MOU on Cooperation in the field of Sustainable and Smart Urban Development between the Ministry for Housing and Urban Affairs of India and the Ministry of Industry , Business and Financial Affairs of Denmark
this advice is incorrect .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the joint issue of a postage stamp between Department of Posts and Viet Nam Post .
parkinson 's disease
copy of front page of bank pass book or cancelled cheque ( which should contain details of the account holder/beneficiary )
insurance coverage available under policy only from date of receipt of premium at insurance company
Prominent among these projects are :
universal digital literacy .
if you are in school and you hear there is a tsunami warning ,
conversion/reschedulement of loans also permissible in case of damage to crops due to natural calamities .
the business could belong to or be run by immediate family ( mother , father , brother or sister ) or extended family ( father ’ s sister and brother , or mother ’ s sister and brother ) .
other priority areas – up to 40 % of the pradhan mantri khanij kshetra kalyan yojana to be utilized under these heads
pain
This is Prime Minister’s second visit to the city .
In the LNG sector , Japan is the world’s largest importer and India is the 4th largest importer .
the outcomes are prevention of soil erosion , regeneration of natural vegetation , rain water harvesting and recharging of the ground water table .
bathe in quick succession and do n't keep the geyser on for longer than necessary
The total production of edible oil in the country is about 9 million MT . while the domestic requirement is around 25 million MT .
He recalled the services of former Parliamentary Affairs Minister , late Ananth Kumar for his contribution to the Lok Sabha .
when the user clicks on the link on his mobile browser , it invokes the local application , where the user can confirm the details , and complete the payment .
provisions for obstetric emergencies including referral services for pregnancy , childbirth and abortion complications
The package involves implementation of Central Sector Scheme “Indian Footwear , Leather & Accessories Development Programme ” with an approved expenditure of Rs . 2600 Crore over the three financial years from 2017-18 to 2019-20 .
India believes in growth but is also committed to protecting the environment .
do not leave cooked food at room temperature longer than 2 hours .
PM expressed appreciation for ADNOC’s decision to invest in the upcoming US$ 44 billion 60 MMTPA greenfield mega refinery and petrochemicals complex in India and welcomed the signing of an MoU in this regard earlier today .
it also creates a special bond between mother and child .
very cheap compared to tank methods as no infrastructure is required
grain smut ,
He said India will soon become a 5 trillion dollar economy .
it is also important to wash hands after handling animals and raw foods .
benefits for end customers
The two parties now desiring to strengthen and further develop the established relationship have signed a Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Tourism , Government of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Tourism Government for the Romania for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism .
PM said that under the Udan scheme , more number of airports are being added to give a boost to air connectivity and now people can access it not far from their respective places .
The Opposition has no commitment to social justice .
It may also be monitored if the funds released by the Centre are released without delay onward to PWD by the State Governments .
the enrolment under the scheme , subject to possession of insurable interest on the cultivation of the notified crop in the notified area , shall be compulsory for following categories of farmers
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the continuation of Centrally Sponsored Scheme of National Ayush Mission ( NAM ) from 01 .04 .2017 to 31 .03 .2020 with an outlay of Rs . 2400 crore over the 3 year period .
if a pregnant woman smokes , her child is more likely to be born underweight .
the salient objectives of rashtriya uchchatar shiksha abhiyan are to  ;
the ministry of rural development implements deen dayal upadhyaya to drive this national agenda for inclusive growth , by developing skills and productive capacity of the rural youth from poor families .
aadhaar linking in your scheme database ensures that nobody else can claim your share of the benefits by impersonating you as a person .
employers ,
as a part of its mandate , the national disaster management authority has made efforts to prepare the national guidelines on management of urban flooding .
a 2-step approach shall be followed for assessment of the unit for award of quality mark  :
ishān vikās
select right type of pumpsets
The Prime Minister said that the PM Jan Arogya Yojana , launched from Jharkhand three months ago , is today providing medical assistance to lakhs of poor .
ensure the web browsers are secured enough with appropriate content controls .
1-0-8 emergency response service is a 24x7 emergency service for medical , police and fire emergencies .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi met with H . E . Mrs . Kim Jung-sook , First Lady of the Republic of Korea today .
do not encourage children to wear shorts and half sleeved clothing .
The number of martyrs covered in this volume is more than 1450 .
training schemes
services offered in one stop centre scheme
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has has approved the signing and ratification of Agreement between India and Brunei Darussalam for the Exchange of Information and Assistance in Collection with respect to Taxes .
prescribed designs may be adapted to accommodate safety and child friendly features .
refrain from taking alcohol , tobacco in any form or addictive drugs such as opium derivatives during pregnancy
land for this purpose is to be provided by the implementing agency free of cost .
the user should not switch off his cellphone in the event when numerous annoying calls are received , rather answering the calls should be avoided .
for those who provide specialised training to enhance the capabilities of job seekers to get better jobs , the national career service platform provides the following services .
a close relationship between the child and the caregiver is the best way to nourish the child 's growing brain .
This includes five channels for Northeastern states .
ensure that your hurricane lantern , torches or other emergency lights are in working condition and keep them handy .
pregnancy for them can result in serious consequences , such as eclampsia , premature labour , prolonged labour , obstructed labour , fistula , anaemia ( thin blood ) or infant and/or maternal death .
national urban health mission seeks to improve the health status of the urban population particularly slum dwellers and other vulnerable sections by facilitating their access to quality primary health care .
lime is applied @ 250-350kg/ha/yr depending upon the soil and water conditions .
substances such as tobacco , heroin , amphetamines and cocaine can induce dependence .
On the 18th , at BHU Amphitheatre , the Prime Minister will inaugurate or lay the Foundation Stone for various development projects , cumulatively worth more than Rs . 500 crore .
the earthquake and resulting tsunami in the indian ocean affected many countries in southeast asia and beyond , including indonesia , sri lanka , india , thailand , the maldives , somalia , myanmar , malaysia , seychelles and others .
request for information under right to information act- 2005
A free press is the cornerstone of a vibrant democracy .
control plot testing  :
c ) you can give the documents to your booth level officer
rates of scholarship and grant
compost is ready in 6 - 8 months
this takes practice .
I am saying this because a person of any age can easily practise it .
incidence of malnutrition , especially among children and women , is eliminated .
Cooperation around emerging New Space opportunities and data ecosystems and sustainable used of outer space .
treatment
banking ombudsman scheme enable the people to file complain to resolve the banking issues .
The proposal under this sub-scheme is to promote 10 Indian brands in the international market in three years with proposed outlay of Rs . 90 crore .
how does electronic vaccine intelligence network
operational framework of atal pension yojana
Governor of UP Shri Ram Naik , CM of UP Shri Yogi Adityanath , and other dignitaries were present on the occasion .
organic material is added in layers and compost is ready in almost 3 months
accidents during the transportation
document name
every child should complete the recommended series of immunizations .
He said the world is acknowledging India’s technological capability , including its space programme .
assistance in application to colleges
all they have to do is register online on the portal or offline at career centers .
never give anything by mouth ( unless the mouth is burnt and the casualty is conscious )
ishān vikās enabled enhancement of learning opportunities
experience sudden dizziness , loss of balance or loss of coordination .
increase fresh fruit and vegetable intake
subsequently , the finance minister announced the initiative in his budget speech for 2016-17 .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today visited Lucknow .
developing / leasing out vacant land in the premises of the hospital for commercial purposes with a view to improve financial position of the society  ;
what documents are required to open an account under pradhan mantri jan-dhan yojana  ?
electromagnetic frequency measurement request by public -
from the national vision and the theme mentioned earlier , the objectives guiding the policy formulation have evolved to include  :
higher field establishment
for this group , dna testing can almost always tell if the parents are carriers .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi released today a commemorative coin of Rs . 350 in the national capital to mark the birth anniversary celebrations of Guru Gobind Singh jee .
Minister of Science and Technology ; Minister of Earth Sciences ; and Minister of Environment , Forest and Climate Change .
criteria for heat wave
documents received after obtaining a new piped natural gas connection
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on the PMJAY .
all digital resources universally accessible .
This seminar is planned with the objective to sensitize participants about opportunities in defence and aeronautics in Gujarat , and to deliberate on a way forward for India and Gujarat to emerge as a manufacturing hub for defence and aeronautics .
sectors covered
ensure care of the umbilicus , skin and eyes
wheat
both men and women are to keep their reproductive organs always clean .
block / cluster demonstration of improved production technology
PM will later address the gathering at the foundation ceremony .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been appraised of the Implementing Arrangement ( IA ) for Pre-formulation Studies of a Maritime Domain Awareness Mission signed between India and France on 10th March 2018 .
a child aged 2 years or older needs at least 1/2 to 1 whole large ( 250-millilitre ) cup of the oral rehydration salts drink after each watery stool .
Prime Minister Modi felicitated the winners of Bharat koJaniye quiz competition .
the pond contribute to the system by supplying humus which is dragged out from the pond after each harvest .
this quality character is important for achieving the desired goal of raising the crop either yield or for resistance or for desired quality factors .
these complications may improve with rehabilitation therapies .
A few days from now , the pious occasion of Id-e-milad-un-nabi will be observed .
this may include transactions having substantial monetary value or risk of fraud , or involving access to private information where the likelihood of malicious access is substantial .
a woman 's body can easily become exhausted by repeated pregnancies , childbirth and caring for small children .
type of manure
The Prime Minister mentioned neem coating of urea , bee keeping , and sea-weed cultivation , as areas where the cooperative movement could contribute significantly .
e-governance services india ltd . is registered as authorized service agency and authorized user agency with code , for e- aadhaar related activities .
a father 's role is as vital as the mother 's in nurturing and caring for their children and protecting their rights .
Hon’ble President of India is the Visitor of the University , Dr . Vijay Bhatkar , the Chancellor and Professor Sunaina Singh , is the Vice Chancellor .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Migration and Mobility Partnership Agreement between India and France .
any woman who alleges to have been subjected to any act of domestic violence by the offender or any person may file a complaint on her behalf
People lined the streets of Bhilai to greet the Prime Minister .
if an scholar pursuing group a course fails in the examination for the first time , the award may be renewed
bringing green revolution to eastern india
electronic vaccine intelligence network aims to strengthen the evidence base for improved policy-making in vaccine delivery , procurement and planning for new antigens in india .
pig dung , urine and spilled feed from pig sties are channeled into the pond everyday .
The Force , which had made a beginning with a sanctioned strength of 3192 in 1969 , has grown to a strength of 1 ,49 ,088 as on 30 .06 .2017 .
She credited her victory to her father , a farmer in Belgaum .
click “ yes  ”
in-app payments
older persons should be able to pursue opportunities for the full development of their potential .
if pipes of smaller diameter are used , the initial cost will be less but the frictional head loss and the operational cost will be more .
if you see sparks or broken or frayed wires , or if you smell burning insulation , turn off the electricity at the main fuse box or circuit breaker .
the data undergoes various stages of screening and validations in proof of identity .
The Prime Minister said this innovation would , in one stroke , significantly impact the nation’s dependence on imported fuel .
53 students from Sikkim and Ladakh , who are part of two ITBP excursion groups visiting different parts of India , called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
flammable or explosive materials may have come from upstream .
Uganda is an example of Africa on the move .
PM Modi invited greater academic cooperation from Malta including the possibility of offering training courses for Maltese professionals at the Forensics University in Gujarat .
Addressing a gathering on the occasion , he said that in the previous Government many big projects were inaugurated from Vigyan Bhawan in Delhi .
notify credit/debit card issuers in advance for change of address .
another way is to soak some neem leaves in water overnight and have bath with this water .
retirement solutions limited
however , in such cases , he/she will have to submit separate application for each location .
the state government/ union territory administrations can also directly cancel the award if duly satisfied of the reasons of violation of these regulations governing the scheme .
He added that the Prime Minister is always on alert .
memory loss  : forgetting recently learned information is one of the most common early signs of dementia .
isolate internet access from other school network .
There is nothing tangible in their waivers .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Madhya Pradesh on 23rd June , 2018 .
user can select the department in a government hospital where patient needs to visit for check-up
if you fear that he or she may swallow her tongue—don ’ t .
· Workshop on Trade in Services Statistics – 10 May ( East London )
Minister of Home Affairs .
information exempted from disclosure by public authorities
release of scholarship amount directly to bank accounts of students through national scholarships portal
class ix to x rs .250/- per month for 10 months
Therefore , the Cabinet has approved the present proposal for grant of extension of the tenure of National Commission for SafaiKaramcharis ( NCSK ) for three more years beyond 31 .3 .2019 .
Residents of the town thronged the streets to welcome the Prime Minister .
little or no response to sounds , familiar faces or the breast
He said that the Government has not shied away from taking decisions that are tough .
extract from school certificate
tuberculosis is a serious disease that can kill a child or permanently damage the lungs .
holding of a gram sabha at least 4 times a year
Around 1445 doctors of various Ministries/Departments of the Central Government would be benefitted .
The MoU was signed on 17thFebruary , 2018 during the visit of the President of Iran .
links in email , tweets , posts , and online advertising are often the way cybercriminals compromise your computer .
· BRICS Conference on Development Finance in Africa ( Nelson Mandela University , Port Elizabeth )
world report on ageing and health
The two Prime Ministers will dedicate a mobile water desalination van to Suigam Taluka , of Banaskantha district , through a video link .
to ensure integrated development of the selected villages into “ model villages  ” so that , inter alia ,
sometimes called “ drive-by downloads ,  ” these sites can install malicious software onto your device if you visit them or perhaps click on the sites ’ links .
without meaning to , you may click a link that installs malware on your computer .
entering into partnership arrangement with the private sector ( including individuals ) for the improvement of support services such as cleaning services , laundry services , diagnostic facilities and ambulatory services etc .  ;
enrolling and keeping girls in school is therefore extremely important for maternal and child health , in addition to all the other benefits of education .
headache / blurring of vision / dizziness
breastfeeding mothers especially need to eat more nutritious food , and all mothers should get more rest .
What a wonderful life , what a dedicated mission!
they are most active at 25-32 .
I am happy to note that BPCL along with other PSUs has set up a Skill Development Institute for skilling and developing employable youth .
in coimbatore method , there is anaerobic decomposition to start with , following by aerobic fermentation .
simplifies disbursement procedures
He showed the way when it came to coalition politics , the Prime Minister said .
cash support replaces a portion of lost income caused by the interruption of the women 's work due to pregnancy , childbirth and newborn care .
this is a thin membrane that covers the outer surface of your bone .
The Prime Minister mentioned other initiatives taken , such as projects with lines of credit worth more than 3 billion dollars ; scholarships ; and e-visa arrangements .
In his address , the Prime Minister said he felt a sense of belonging with the Indian Community in Uganda .
never take drugs in the dark -- - always read the label before taking or giving medicine .
open yard area ( sqm )
any pregnant woman can develop life-threatening complications with little or no advance warning ,
The Prime Minister will also interact with the beneficiaries of Ayushman Bharat at Kancheepuram .
accordingly , the broad objectives of the national disaster management plan are  :
this is stated as per the 86th constitution amendment act added article 21a .
raising ducks over fishponds fits very well with the fish polyculture system , as the ducks are highly compatible with cultivated fishes .
cause
He said the first part of Ayushman Bharat – the health and wellness centres , was launched on BabasahebAmbedkar’s birth anniversary , and the second part – the health assurance scheme , is being launched two days before DeendayalUpadhyay’s birth anniversary .
as more and more passengers will shift to digital means the cash requirement may get reduced by rs .1 ,000 crore per year in near future .
upon receipt of a complaint of domestic violence , the protection officer or the service provider has to prepare a domestic incident report in form 1 ( as provided in the domestic violence act ) and submit the same to the magistrate and copies of the same to the police officer in charge of the concerned police station .
The Prime Minister will address the gathering .
a scholarship holder under this scheme will not hold any other scholarship/stipend .
beneficiaries
forced closure of deposit accounts without due notice or without sufficient reason ,
national disaster management act ( 2005 )
PM will also distribute certificates/ cheques under Maharashtra State Rural Livelihoods Mission ( MSRLM ) to women SHGs .
coping with seizures
the heat index is a measure of how hot it really feels when relative humidity is factored in with the actual air temperature .
canals / drainage / nallahs should not be passing through the plot .
you can only do this once you have tried to settle matters with the bank , and failed .
artistes pension scheme and welfare fund
payment
reduce annual co 2 emissions by 135 kg
unconsciousness
the country is expected to rank amongst the world ’ s top three growth economies and amongst the top three manufacturing destinations by as early as 2020 .
Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Manikya Bahadur is widely regarded as the creator of modern Tripura .
e-healthcare would cover online medical consultation , online medical records , online medicine supply , pan-india exchange for patient information , etc .
The Prime Minister asserted that the Union Government is committed to ensuring that the skill and hard work of the carpet makers , becomes one of the strengths of the nation .
to celebrate the unity in diversity of our nation and to maintain and strengthen the fabric of traditionally existing emotional bonds between the people of our country  ;
In addition , Exhibition on Futuristic Technologies and Space Exploration , Seminar on Port Led Development & Strategies to establish India as the Trans-shipment Hub of Asia and On Make in India to showcase the Success Stories of Make in India & key interventions by the Government have been organized .
The MoU will provide a platform to Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector .
The Prime Minister said that earlier Governments took pride in making new laws .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today invited the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation – the ONGC – to take up a challenge , on the occasion of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay’s birth anniversary .
create an enabling atmosphere in the higher educational institutions to devote themselves to research and innovations .
this should be followed by hand washing with soap .
non-adherence to the fair practices code as adopted by the bank or non-adherence to the provisions of the code of banks commitments to customers issued by banking codes and standards board of india and as adopted by the bank
The energy intensity of economies will change with focus on green energy and energy efficiency ;
besides , the portal will enable restricted access to law enforcement agencies on topics such as antecedent verification and make assessment of digital police portal
skill development training and professional consultancy inputs viz . marketing , designing , packing , quality control , technology transfer , financial training etc .
it doesn ’ t result in the destruction of forests and eco-systems that occurs with most fossil fuel operations .
the institutions will be encouraged to set up it-enabled libraries for the benefit of the students .
after entering valid mobile pin or short name , menu will appear with different options of available services enabled for your bank .
trouble with seeing in one or both eyes  :
the local authorities are responsible for the building and maintenance of these community sanitary latrines and must make sure that they are functional and hygienic .
10 warning signs of alzheimer 's
use separate shoes to enter to the shed .
special casual leave - a provision of special casual leave for 4 days in a calendar year has been made for the employees of central government with disabilities for specific requirements relating to disabilities of the official .
The Prime Minister was addressing a select gathering at his residence , 7 Lok Kayan Marg after releasing the commemorative coin to mark the birth anniversary of Guru Gobind Singh jee .
always ensure the supply of clean and potable water . if necessary use appropriate sanitizers .
foul smelling discharge with or without fever
He paid homage to martyrs at Konark War Memorial .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the merger of the existing regulatory institutions in the skills space – National Council for Vocational Training ( NCVT ) and the National Skill Development Agency ( NSDA ) into the National Council for Vocational Education and Training ( NCVET ) .
aggravated rape can be because of the special position of either the victim , or the criminal -
At the invitation of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , Mr . Shinzo Abe , Prime Minister of Japan , will undertake an official visit to India on September 13 and 14 , 2017 .
annual lighting emission reduction of 32 kg is equivalent to 3 additional trees
collaborative digital platforms for participative governance .
yes , if you are watching baahubali 2 in the week of its release , you can be pretty sure that you are doing it illegally !
adding numbers , symbols and mixed- case letters makes it harder for would- be snoops or others to guess or crack your password .
the oral mucosa and tongue of the woman are pale ,
The Diwali lights are still on in Singapore .
it stays in the air for hours after cigarettes , pipes or cigars have been put out .
PM told that it is the need of the hour “ …move to responsible pricing , which balances the interests of both the producer and consumer .
revised kisan credit card scheme
don ’ t pay attention to the rumours and don ’ t spread rumours .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of former US President George H . W . Bush .
this signals that your connection to the website is encrypted and more resistant to snooping or tampering .
advice for parents and caregivers  :
payer now clicks on the notification and opens his banks app where he reviews payment request
all of these and any other additional ones , require the guidance and support of a panel of technical agencies to be identified at the state level and designated to work in specific districts .
storm water drainage systems in the past were designed for rainfall intensity of 12 – 20 mm .
this will put you and others at great risk of injury .
the rehabilitation council of india act , 1992
the information encoded can be made up of four standardized kinds ( “ modes  ” ) of data ( numeric , alphanumeric , byte/binary , kanji ) , or by supported extensions virtually any kind of data .
applicants pursuing professional courses through correspondence /distance learning .
localize the information by printing the phone numbers of local emergency services offices and hospitals .
certificate issued
any procedure or technique performed on a man or woman for the purpose of sex-selection is illegal .
strong chemicals  : paraffin , petrol bleaches , weed killers , chemical fertilizers
to begin with , based on higher concentration of businesses in certain activities / sectors , schemes are proposed for  :
retirement solutions limited swavalamban
efficient light bulbs like light-emitting diode consumes only one-tenth of energy used by ordinary bulb to provide the same or better light output .
register your mobile number with your bank and ask for your pin .
types of emergencies
the same shall be extended to investment made by incubators in the startups .
( 3 ) purified with chlorine or
if there are complications , more frequent checkups are necessary .
all the states and union territories including north eastern states are covered under the programme .
the combination may be fatal
`` to reduce poverty by enabling the poor households to access gainful self-employment and skilled wage employment opportunities , resulting in appreciable improvement in their livelihoods on a sustainable basis , through building strong grassroots institutions of the poor . ''
and deploying vaccine and cold chain managers in every district for constant support to estimate vaccine requirements , supervise cold chain handlers and coordinate with cold chain technicians across the district .
hypothyroidism
“We remember the great Sardar Patel on his Punya Tithi .
it is enough to provide power for powerful machines such as spaceships .
Also , tax payers started preferring alternate methods of grievance redressal like CPGRAMS ( Centralized Public Grievance Redress and Monitoring System ) , AaykarSevaKendras etc . further , it was also decided in 2011 to close vacant offices of Indirect Tax Ombudsman .
safety actions to be implemented in schools as outlined in the `` national disaster management guidelines- school safety policy '' are as follows .
according to the2001 census , the great andamanese stood at just 43 , jarawas are 241 , onges are 96 , sentineles are 39 and shom pens are 398 .
part submission of application will not be entertained .
annual lighting emission reduction of 359 kg is equivalent to 36 additional trees
applicant/ beneficiary should have homestead land in his/her name or jointly/severally owned along with other members of his family or on lan d allotted/ leased by the state government/gram sabha
national scholarships portal is one-stop solution through which various services starting from student application , application receipt , processing , sanction and disbursal of various scholarships to students are enabled .
do not take any additional epilepsy medications other than the ones prescribed by doctor .
from the academic year 2015-16 onwards , the prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme for scholarship will be implemented through national scholarship portal .
the electronic queue management system ensures the 'first-in-first-out ' principle in application processing .
the person whose identity is used can suffer various consequences when he or she is held responsible for the perpetrator 's actions .
Somebody needed to take a decision in this regard .
if the parent ( s ) of the scholar ceases to be a beedi/mine/cine worker .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Nagaland on their Statehood Day .
yes , unified payment interface is available on android and it will be made available soon .
injuries are among the leading causes of mortality and morbidity among adolescents .
there is no obligation on private sector to provide employment to the handicapped persons .
post new jobs
review all logs  :
first phase
details
the plan for emergency care in case of complications should include the location of the nearest maternity clinic or hospital and the resources needed to quickly get the woman there at any time of the day or night .
The Prime Minister will visit an exhibition on Flagship Missions of Urban Development .
national mission for sustainable agriculture
cloud by default
these tribal groups are widely different culturally .
what does ransomware do  ?
We also need to move towards transparent and flexible markets for both oil and gas .
a certificate of his age given by a sarpanch of the concerned gram panchayat or by a member of the concerned municipal corporation / municipal committee , the person is not educated till class 10 and both the parents are not alive .
there are four components of this initiative , which are given below  :
need to begin mouth-to-mouth resuscitation if the person stops breathing
The President of Maldives also invited the Prime Minister of India to undertake a State Visit to the Maldives , which he accepted .
It also inspires us to maintain the unity & integrity of the country .
this section displays the complete list of registered issuers and requesters along with their uniform resource identifier .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved increasing of Government ownership in Goods and Services Tax Network ( GSTN ) and change in the existing structure with transitional plan as per following :
the consumption of alcohol , even in small amounts , can impair judgement .
rainfed area development clusters should have soil analysis/soil health card /soil survey maps to justify the interventions proposed and at least 25 % of the farming system area will have to be covered under on farm water management .
in nutritional surveillance
caste certificate ( optional ) and photographs .
pregnant adolescents require special attention and more frequent visits to the health clinic for prenatal and post-natal care .
add water only .
The moment Rajani won the medal she rushed to a nearby milk stall & drank a glass of milk .
How do you see its impact on our country and our people ?
Prime Minister Rasmussen is accompanied by a business delegation including CEOs of major Danish companies .
the woman should visit an fru if she has any of the following conditions  :
when the waste material is composted , the compost heap height will be reduced by 30 % .
asset building activities for farm improvement
organizing of publicity , awareness campaign , seminar/ conferences , circulation of handouts/ extension materials .
machinery items
He attended the groundbreaking ceremony of 81 projects in Uttar Pradesh , with a total investment of over 60 ,000 crore rupees .
The Prime Minister will also address a select gathering on this occasion .
chronically affected birds become emaciated .
the punishment can be jail time for up to three years and up to two lakh rupees in fine .
In a major boost to health infrastructure the Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the continuation of the National Health Mission – with effect from 1st April 2017 to 31st March 2020 with a budgetary support of Rs . 85 ,217 crore as Central Share over this period .
higher physical purity for certification
meningitis
to ensure professional management of government sponsored / funded incubators , government will create a policy and framework for setting-up of incubators across the country in public private partnership .
providing lpg connections to below poverty line households will ensure universal coverage of cooking gas in the country .
the child has an illness other than malaria
The Prime Minister noted that France is one of India’s Top 10 sources of Foreign Direct Investment , and invited French companies to take advantage of the improving business climate and growing investment opportunities in India .
The MoU was signed in Bolivia in March , 2019 .
women who do not have enough iodine in their diet are more likely to have an infant who is mentally or physically disabled .
Deputy Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu ,
select request money
first week  :
is it necessary to link bank account with aadhaar  ?
your message
to improve overall quality of instruction at training institutions across the country .
mentally ill persons can seek voluntary admission in such hospitals or nursing homes and minors can seek admission through their guardians .
the relationship may be in nature of marriage or adoption .
if in pregnancy decisions about taking medicine during pregnancy must be made by and doctor , after talking about the risks and the benefits .
insult for not brining dowry , insult for not having a male child . etc .
note - please do not share your personal identification number with anyone .
baby care ,
magnetic stripe card + biometric
e-haat requires a mobile number only , as entire business of e-haat can be handled through a mobile by the producer .
“I see Gujarat contributing actively to the development of India and congratulate the Gujarat Government , ” the Prime Minister added .
the appraising lending institutions would finance the remaining 70 % as loan assistance to applicant women , who have no easy access to credit from banks due to their cumbersome procedures and the inability of poor and usually illiterate/semi-literate women to provide adequate security demanded by banks in the form of collaterals .
follow simple instructions
­developing contemporary forecasting and early warning systems backed by responsive and failsafe communication with information technology support .
Brothers and Sisters , Mahatma Gandhi’s 150th Birth Anniversary falls next year .
Regular practice of Yoga has a direct bearing on the medical expenses of any family .
The Prime Minister urged Governors , in their capacity as Chancellors , to call upon Universities to promote excellence in various spheres of academics .
the four features of the inspection scheme are  :
high genetic purity
India has emerged a hub for start-ups and innovation .
Our aim is not just to make the North Eastern States power surplus .
insights in the climate as a system , the greenhouse gas effect and the underlying reasons for climate change with key message that the current change in the climate is due to human activities .
take such other measures for the prevention of disaster , or the mitigation , or preparedness and capacity building for dealing with threatening disaster situations or disasters as it may consider necessary
Today , over three thousand Jan Aushadhi Kendras have been set up across the country .
otherwise , it has to be removed at the end of composting at the compost yard .
these include  :
keep the wallet software up to date  :
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the spirit of ‘Nari Shakti’ on International Women’s Day .
to citizens
energy exists in many different forms .
the changes made in the scheme are given below  : -
what is cyberstaking
funding pattern
integrated cold chain and value addition infrastructure ,
non-acceptance , without sufficient cause , of coins tendered and for charging of commission in respect thereof
the scheme aims at providing adequate and timely credit for the comprehensive credit requirements of farmers under single window for their cultivation and other needs as indicated below  :
20 . The President of Maldives reiterated his country’s support for India’s candidature for permanent membership of an expanded and reformed UN Security Council .
skimming is an electronic method of capturing a victim 's personal information used by identity thieves .
It is heartening to note that the contribution of small and medium scale sector to defence production has grown by 200 percent in the last 4 years .
extract from birth register
similarly , the ministry has also reserved seven and half percent dealership/agencies for defence personal who permanently and severely disabled either in war or in military action during peacetime .
The Cabinet also approved the Renewal of the Memorandum of Understanding between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) & The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales
the indian gold coin is part of indian gold monetisation program .
steps-4 fill the following details in sequences
the annual family income should be less than 6 lakhs per annum
a good reason for this is that it takes a lot of time to separate the element from others .
they can avail the following services .
what is a coma  ?
the increase in use of high-technology equipment and tools in manufacturing and service industries has also made them susceptible to disruption due to relatively moderate ground shaking .
some says china and others consider it to be originated from tibet itself .
children learn by trying until they succeed .
single point levy of market fees , i .e on the first wholesale purchase from the farmer .
sterilization certificate , if any , ( govt . hospital )
based on which document needs name correction , such document should be corrected .
communications purporting to be from popular social web sites , auction sites , online payment processors or information technology administrators are commonly used to lure the unsuspecting .
thus , new employees earning wages more than rs 15 ,000/- per month will not be eligible .
a child who is not immunized is very likely to get measles , whooping cough and many other diseases that can kill .
useful in areas where the use of piles is limited by severe weather conditions e .g . strong winds and sun .
this prevents food particles from settling between the teeth which produces bad smell , spoil the gums and leads to tooth decay .
Speaking about the welfare of Indians overseas , Mr . Modi said passport and visa rules have been simplified and e visa had made it much easier for them to travel .
payment of annual permission fees for channels / teleports
MoU between the Central Council for Research in Homeopathy , Ministry of AYUSH and the Centre for Integrative Complementary Medicine , Shaare Zedek Medical Center on Cooperation in the field of Research in Homeopathic Medicine
click “ yes  ” if your complaint satisfies with the condition .
He then laid the foundation stone of Guru Ravidas Birth Place Development Project at Shri Guru Ravidas Janmasthan Temple , Seer Goverdhanpur .
package of practices for various crops , latest technologies , weather and marketing are detailed here
objective of the scheme
parkinson 's disease is a chronic and progressive disorder of the nervous system that affects your movement .
A combination of individual farming , contract farming and captive plantation ( by relaxing land ceiling norms ) can only boost oil palm cultivation in the country .
diabetes is also an important cause of heart disease , stroke and cataract .
geysers come with a factory setting of 60°c but water at 40°c is enough for a comfortable bath
to keep away flies and prevent the spread of germs ,
it is less a distinct field of law in the way that property or contract are as it is an intersection of many legal fields , including intellectual property , privacy , freedom of expression , and jurisdiction .
toiletries and sanitation @ rs . 100 per month for each girl
blood tests
the final selection of the trainees for the program shall be made by host institute and the details of the proposed participants must be communicated to concerned state nodal agencies before the commencement of the program .
enhancing the rate of stipend and indexing it to minimum wages of semi-skilled workers .
the victims of such crimes under the information technology law can be male or female .
if the baby cries a lot and does not settle after feeding and being cuddled , the mother may need additional breastfeeding support or the baby might not be well .
signs and symptoms of snake poisoning can be broken into a few major categories  :
use the strongest privacy setting when setting up profile .
14 .45 km stretch of Metro from Patna Junction to New ISBT
nigerseed
adolescents should be encouraged to avoid smoking and caution their friends about its dangers .
before losing consciousness , the victim may complain of
citizens can visit their nearest bharat net location for aadhaar seeding
These projects are a part of Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana which aims to set up 20 AIIMS across the country out of which six have already been established , and to upgrade 73 medical colleges across the country .
The PM said , “Remembering Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya Ji on his Punya Tithi .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratification of the Investment Cooperation and Facilitation Treaty ( ICFT ) between India and Brazil .
women affected by violence along with their children ( girls of all ages and boys up till 8 years of age ) can avail temporary shelter at the one stop centre scheme for a maximum period of 5 days .
avoid biting nails and nose picking .
even though it is lawful to use children in the family business , the child ’ s education must not be affected .
by extending data coverage relevant to work - related injury and disease , including measures of exposure , and occupational groups that are currently excluded , such as self - employed people  ;
foods that contain vitamin include breast milk , liver , fish , dairy products , orange or yellow fruits and vegetables , and green leafy vegetables .
intended beneficiaries
the child should be given extra liquids in addition to regular foods and drinks until the diarrhoea has stopped .
while authentication of the signer is carried out using aadhaar esign , the signature on the document is carried out on a backend server , which is the e-sign provider .
The MoU was signed on 15th October 2015 at New Delhi .
no promotion can be denied because of impairment .
it promotes the use of a common labour identification number by all implementing agencies .
These functions are inspectorial , investigatory and advisory in nature .
The Prime Minister highlighted various possibilities for investment in India .
The Prime Minister said that the Indian Cinema has a big role in enhancing India’s soft power , its credibility and building the Brand India across the world .
He said , ”Today , we have inaugurated a project of 30000 homes meant for the family of poor , labourers .
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister noted that this is his sixth video conference with Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina .
if the particulars of the operator who enrolled the resident are found to be inconsistent with database or there is a mismatch observed in photo and age/gender ( ex . a child 's photo with age mentioned as 50 yrs ) , then the packet is held for further enquiry .
as parkinson ’ s disease is progressive , meaning its symptoms grow worse over time , the amount of dopamine produced in the brain decreases , leaving a person unable to control movements .
to access the application format , click here .
if you have already set up an personal identification number with other upi apps you can use the same on bharat interface for money too .
coach 11  : exhibition put up by the national innovation foundation showcasing select innovations , demonstrating the ingenuity of common people and an innovative project which uses augmented reality techniques . exhibition on themes like innovations in science education , scholarships & schemes , etc .
erythromycin and penicillin can be administered in the water for 3-5 days or in the feed ( 200 g/ton ) for 5 days .
all immunizations in any setting , including emergencies , should be given with auto-disable syringes – syringes that can be used only once .
prepare the mother and father for the experience of childbirth and caring for their newborn , give the mother advice on breastfeeding and caring for herself , and provide the father with guidance on how he can assist
1 cup of coffee with cows/ toned milk 3 idlils or 1 cup upma with more vegetables , 2 table spoons chutney ( tomato or dhal chutney )
they need to be clear for emergency calls to get through .
Maneka Gandhi , Minister for Women and Child Development , was present on the occasion .
chickens infected when less than 3 weeks of age do not develop clinical disease , but become severely and permanently immunosuppressed .
the following procedure shall be adopted under the scheme for payment of basic training cost i .e . rs . 7500/- per apprentice for 500 hours/3 months  :
individual may also call to toll free call center number 1800-110-708 ( charges applicable ) .
fast or difficult breathing
emergencies that make people flee their homes often lead to the spread of communicable diseases .
care should be taken to avoid crushing of newborn piglets during and after farrowing .
common hazardous chemicals
The Prime Minister said that the feeling of “cleanliness being our responsibility ” , needs to be inculcated among all .
The Prime Minister dedicated to the nation , Gangajal project , which will provide Agra with better and more assured water supply , at an estimated cost of Rs .2880 crores .
· ICTI – International Conference on Transport Infrastructure – 9 to 10 July ( Pretoria )
someone is sending me obscene material on certain messaging applications . what can i do  ?
monitoring mechanism .
Further , “ Notwithstanding anything contained in any judgment , decree or order of any court , tribunal or other authority or any law for the time being in force , the Custodian may , within such time as may be specified by the Central Government in this behalf , dispose of whether by sale or otherwise , as the case may be , with prior approval of the Central Government , by general or special order , enemy properties vested in him immediately before the date of commencement of the Enemy Property ( Amendment and Validation ) Act , 2017 in accordance with the provisions of this Act , as amended by the Enemy Property ( Amendment and Validation ) Act , 2017 ” .
non-observance of reserve bank guidelines on engagement of recovery agents by banks etc .
elevate coastal homes .
everyone in the community needs to work together to build and use toilets or latrines , practise good hygiene , protect water sources , and safely dispose of waste water and refuse .
particularly vulnerable tribal groups depend on various livelihoods such as food gathering , non timber forest produce , hunting , livestock rearing , shifting cultivation and artisan works .
if you ’ re in a crowded public place , avoid panicking and do not rush for the exit .
to meet the requirement of higher education expenses , partial withdrawal of 50 per cent of the balance would be allowed after the girl child has attended 18 years of age .
single head automatic yarn spinning ( vajra )
no infrastructure is needed and process is relatively quick
Prime Minister Modi recalled Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina’s vision of restoring connectivity to the way it was before 1965 .
scholarships will be paid to the students whose parents/guardians ’ income from all sources does not exceed rs . 2 ,50 ,000/- per annum .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Mandla in Madhya Pradesh tomorrow , 24th April on the National Panchayati Raj Day .
in the form of income declaration , income is to be declared on this basis .
public building , rail compartments , buses , ships and air-crafts will be designed to give easy access to the disabled people .
enhanced human development
persistent vegetative state
though the symptoms appear to be mild or severe or are not frequent , parkinson ’ s disease has the following five stages  :
in such cases , application fees received against all other applications would be forfeited .
provision of transport allowance upto rs .160/- per month for disabled students , if such student does not reside in the hostel , which is within the premises of educational institution
should a job-seeker be confused about which career to choose , or what job to move to for better prospects or whether a skill upgradation is needed to land a better job , he or she can now turn to one of the career counsellors of the national career service
being the nodal ministry for most of the development and welfare activities in the rural areas , the ministry of rural development plays a pivotal role in the overall development strategy of the country .
enforce application whitelisting on all endpoint workstations .
to match projected requirement of additional 31 million workers to work in construction sector over the next five years .
the scholarship at the secondary and higher secondary stage or equivalent classes ix to xii is payable for a maximum period of four years for studies in india only .
rs . 2250/-per month for girls . ie . rs 27000/- to each girl , to be paid annually after selection
there is no need for the residents to separately enrol for aadhaar .
the union government shall have executive powers to give directions to the states as to the administration of the scheduled areas .
The Prime Minister said that all villages of the country are now electrified , and under Saubhagya Yojana , 4 crore houses are now being provided with electricity connections .
`` preparedness '' means the state of readiness to deal with a threatening disaster situation or disaster and the effects thereof  ;
Together , we have contributed much to human civilisation .
circumstances requiring special treatment
The Prime Minister held separate detailed review meetings on the current situation and relief measures , at Kavaratti , Kanyakumari and Thiruvananthapuram .
relief logistics and supply chain management
to prevent unauthorized access of point of sale systems , disallow remote access to the point of sale network at all times .
who can become a voter  ?
from the academic year 1980-81 , employed students whose income combined with the income of their parents/guardians does not exceed the maximum prescribed income ceiling are made eligible to post-matric scholarships to the extent of reimbursement of all compulsorily payable non-refundable fees .
out of the total geographical area of 329 million hectares ( mha ) , more than 40 mha is flood prone .
shortening the duration of breastfeeding can reduce the risk of transmitting the infection to the infant .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and the United States of America ( USA ) concerning Scientific and Technical Cooperation in the Earth Sciences .
well cleaning of sheds and equipment with water and appropriate detergent .
what is cybercrime against government  ?
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today launched development projects worth Rs . 750 crore in Manipur .
identified assembly locations for plant personnel and casual visitors for their accounting , and assessment of persons trapped in the radiological areas .
The Operations & Maintenance expenses on new AIIMS are also fully borne by the Central Government .
disable macros in microsoft office products .
The Prime Minister emphasized the need for an increase in exports , and said that States must be made active partners in this effort .
unorganized workers covered under aanganwadi teachers
It is a matter of great happiness for an Indian Prime Minister to come to Ramallah for his first ever visit .
rashtriya uchchatar shiksha abhiyan is a centrally sponsored scheme launched in 2013 aims at providing strategic funding to eligible state higher educational institutions .
He said that now there are start-up entrepreneurs in many fields .
As the world’s largest democracies , we are natural partners .
a 12-digit unique identity for every indian individual , including children and infants
The Prime Minister said ,  ” In every state there are a few districts where development parameters are strong .
An Expert Group has since been studying the viability of such an agency .
no fee will be charged from the trainees .
22 . kathodi 23 . kohvalia 24 . padhar 25 . siddi 26 . kolgha
mine workers
approve the national plan
this system results in the production of 4500 to 5000 kg fish , about 70 ,000 eggs and 1000 kg ( live weight ) of chicken meat is obtained from 1 .0 ha water area in one year without the use of any supplementary fish feed or pond .
skin-to-skin contact and breastfeeding soon after birth stimulate production of the mother 's breast milk
the health status of particularly vulnerable tribal groups is in an awful condition because of multiple factors like poverty , illiteracy , lack of safe drinking water , bad sanitary conditions , difficult terrain , malnutrition , poor maternal and child health services , unavailability of health and nutritional services , superstition and deforestation .
eligibility of employer
provides an opportunity for women entrepreneurs to leverage technology for showcasing products made/manufactured/sold by them .
kanika has not had a seizure since the surgery .
be a role model to your child .
directories
data verification
card issued by central / state
flushing
increased physical activity is important in maintaining weight loss and is linked to reduced blood pressure , reduced resting heart rate , increased insulin sensitivity , improved body composition and psychological well-being .
partners
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Indian contingent for their excellent performance in Asian Games 2018 .
PM will also inaugurate/ lay foundation stone for various development projects in Haryana .
bleeding can occur internally , where blood leaks from blood vessels inside the body or externally , either through a natural opening such as the vagina , mouth , nose , or through a break in the skin .
( 4 ) disinfected with sunlight or other simple measures .
stuffy or runny nose
Textile Conclave – Exploring growth potential of Textile for Building New India
cyberlaw is important because it touches almost all aspects of transactions and activities on and concerning the internet , the world wide web and cyberspace .
NEC implements various projects through the State and Central agencies .
The Parikrama will be covered in five legs , with stop-overs at 4 ports : Fremantle ( Australia ) , Lyttleton ( New Zealand ) , Port Stanley ( Falklands ) , and Cape Town ( South Africa ) .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today attended a Sahkar Sammelan in New Delhi , on the occasion of the birth centenary celebrations of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar .
do not use tobacco , alcohol or other substances as a way of coping when you are under pressure , or are feeling anxious , sad or angry .
whether you ’ re a new internet user or an expert , the advice and tools here can help you navigate the web safely and securely .
for a child under the age of 2 years  : between 1/4 and 1/2 of a large ( 250-millilitre ) cup
factors affecting bone health
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will address the inaugural session of Advantage Assam – Global Investors Summit 2018 , in Guwahati tomorrow .
This was the very site where three heroic sons of Mother India – Col . Prem Sehgal , Col . Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon and Major General Shahnawaz Khan had to face a trial under British Rule .
keep them in a locked cabinet , well out of reach ( e .g . on top of a wardrobe )
proof of category like minority etc .
This amendment , restored certain powers of Supreme Court and declared that the fundamental rights granted under Article 20 and 21 of the Constitution could not be abrogated during the Emergency .
Today 12 hydro electric projects of 110 MW were inaugurated which will not only help Arunachal Pradesh but also adjoining states , ” says PM .
put all valuables at a higher place in the house .
if you know that people have been buried , tell the rescue teams .
ignore rumours and do not spread them  ; this will help to avoid panic situations .
for example , an infection or inflammation in the body may cause a rise in the white blood cell count , the erythrocyte sedimentation rate or c-reactive protein .
disseminating public awareness messages on how to protect against the extreme heat - wave through print , electronic and social media and information , education and communication materials such as pamphlets , posters and advertisements and television commercials on do‟s and don‟ts and treatment measures for heat related illnesses .
regular and proper brushing methods help you prevent tartar settling on the teeth .
Through Pradhan Mantri Rashtriya Dialysis Program , Government has performed more than 22 lakh dialysis sessions for 2 .25 lakh patients in more than 500 districts .
it should be ensured that this procedure is followed without fail so that there is no difficulty at the time of settlement of death claims .
the section covers schemes and other aspects related to unorganised sector .
for the complete information on registration and accessing the services , click here .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Delhi Metro’s Phase -4 project comprising of 3 – priority corridors .
applicants should submit only one application for one location .
pregnant women should not smoke or be exposed to smoke .
to meet the financial requirements of the account holder for the purpose of higher education and marriage , withdrawal up to fifty percent of the balance at the credit , at the end of preceding financial year shall be allowed .
she should be a literate woman with due preference in selection to those who are qualified up to 10 standard wherever they are interested and available in good numbers .
Mrs . Florence Parly , the French Minister for the Armed Forces , called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
try using a phrase that only you know -
children should be immunized at the recommended ages and should receive subsequent doses at recommended intervals .
Hence the approval by the Cabinet which will give a boost to the vulnerable rural families in Jammu & Kashmir .
there is a lot of evidence that lifestyle changes ( achieving a healthy body weight and moderate physical activity ) can help prevent the development of type 2 diabetes .
value of scholarship
banking ombudsman scheme , 2006 is introduced with the objective of enabling resolution of complaints relating to certain services rendered by banks and to facilitate the satisfaction or settlement of such complaints .
every ministry or department may work out their detailed policy relevant to their working environment as per the guidelines on the national policy .providing a system of incentives to employers and employees to achieve higher health and safety standards .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Valedictory Ceremony at the Conference of Director Generals and Inspector Generals of Police at BSF Academy at Tekanpur .
excessive caffeine intake ,
if it is necessary to feed a baby with a nutritionally adequate breast milk substitute , it should be fed to the baby by cup .
each animal of different categories requires a minimum floor space for housing .
traditionally the amchis are trained under the traditional educational system either under private guru-shisya tradition or under system in families in which the knowledge is passed down from father to son through generations .
• A Phased Manufacturing Program ( PMP ) will be launched to localize production across the entire EV value chain .
rs . 2250/-per month for girls . ie . rs 27000/- to each girl , to be paid annually after selection
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed condolences on the passing away of Shri Ladu Kishore Swain .
the duration of scholarship in an academic year will be 10 months .
periodical netting
to achieve effective co-ordination of policy and implementation amongst the various departments to promote child development  ; and
the write up may be submitted at the time of furnishing of form 5 ( pension application form which is required to be submitted 6 months before retirement ) .
non-smokers who inhale this smoke are more vulnerable to respiratory infections , asthma and cancer .
undertaking as per passport seva laghu kendras
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today launched the Ease of Doing Business Grand Challenge at an event in Lok Kalyan Marg in New Delhi .
asha package of rs . 600 in rural areas include rs . 300 for ante natal check-ups component and rs . 300 for facilitating institutional delivery
they should provide information on these and other related services to pregnant women and new mothers .
issues in urban flooding
it is not mandatory for users to buy the hotplate ( gas stove ) or any other items from the distributor .
I am thankful to our countrymen for having provided me an opportunity to understand the feelings of the common man .
The hospital is expected to be fully operational by May 2020 along with all departments and requisite human resources .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address the inaugural session of the summit aimed at giving a fillip to investments in Gujarat .
21 January , 2019- Youth Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas .
complications are not always predictable ,
ensure installation and use of the latest version ( currently v5 .0 ) of powershell , with enhanced logging enabled . script block logging , and transcription enabled
normally , one set of text books will be purchased for two disabled students in the same category .
objectives of e-kranti
send for a doctor or ambulance
The Prime Minister encouraged them to share their experiences of field training .
others
move in a coordinated way
rs .2 lakh in case of death for any reason .
At Hazaribagh , Prime Minister will unveil following projects :
every state should have at least one solid and liquid waste management consultant at the state level and one solid and liquid waste management consultant in each district water and sanitation mission to guide preparations for solid and liquid waste management projects .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed a prayer meeting in New Delhi , organized in memory of the former Prime Minister , Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee , who passed away recently .
the baby should then be offered the other breast and may or may not want it .
The MoU will be signed during the visit of President of Uzbekistan to India on 1st October 2018 .
what is information  ?
food should be stored in covered containers .
He will release a postal stamp on “Ramayana . ”
vitamin- electrolyte therapy is helpful .
such regulations may
I will convey to the new Maldivian Government of Mr . Solih the desire of my Government to work closely for realisation of their developmental priorities , especially in areas of infrastructure , health care , connectivity and human resource development .
He also laid the foundation stone for the capacity expansion of the Mundra-Delhi petroleum product pipeline , and a greenfield marketing terminal project of HPCL , at Vadodara .
The PM is on a day-long visit to Gujarat .
the transaction flow for the same is as follows-
HIRA model of development – Highway , I Way , Railway , Airway is on in Tripura , says PM
teach them to practice washing hands before eating .
enter new mpin .
worms have negative effects on the mental and physical development of children .
adoption of organic village for manure management and biological nitrogen harvesting through cluster approach
help desk contact details
name colours
The Prime Minister said that IFS Officers should remain alive not only to the current national priorities , but also future requirements for national development .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved to release an additional instalment of Dearness Allowance ( DA ) to Central Government employees and Dearness Relief ( DR ) to pensioners w .e .f .
trained health workers should inform all parents considering the use of breast milk substitutes about the costs .
for active ageing to be a reality there has to be a fair amount of giving and receiving between the older and younger generations .
the applicant should submit the completed application to the prescribed authority before the last date prescribed for receipt of applications .
Later PM will inspect the project site .
of all the components of maternal and child health care delivery post natal care and early new born care are most neglected components .
the financing of the body or the central government by the government may be direct or indirect .
at the enrollment center ,
if the child develops a high fever ( over 38 degrees celsius ) the child should be taken to a trained health worker or health centre .
causes
symptoms of a seizure are characterized by sudden twitching and uncontrollable jerking motions of the arms and legs , followed by loss of consciousness .
In this context , he mentioned the India-Africa Forum Summit in New Delhi in 2015 .
He called upon all officers , both from the State Governments and Union Government , involved with this effort to work towards achieving the best possible outcomes in this context , by the 15th of August .
tax exemption on investments above fair market value
childline is seen as a one point window , connecting children in need to various convention working for child related issues .
to access the details , click here .
Shahid Abdulla , Minister of Foreign Affairs
the sciences conducts the national talent search examination for students studying in class x only .
Welcoming the constructive discussion and suggestions made by various Chief Ministers , the Prime Minister assured the gathering that these suggestions would be seriously considered in the course of decision-making .
i have received blue color of aadhaar of card for my child .
roll over stars , then click to rate .
i reside within 10 of a particular toll plaza .
a person has to opt for the scheme every year .
for application national level examination inquiry  :
300 schools ( 10+2 )  ; 500 industrial training institutes and 50 entrepreneurship development centres .
any microfilm , microfiche and facsimile copy of a document
He also mentioned the gains made through Aadhaar linking of subsidy .
He said the Integrated Check Post at Moreh will facilitate custom clearance , foreign currency exchange , immigration clearance etc .
her work should be so designed that it is done without impinging on her main livelihood and adequate monetary compensation for the time she spends on these tasks- through performance based payments should be provided .
providing administrative and technical support services .
The two Prime Ministers will also interact with farmers .
using a web browser
The officials from Central Government , State Government and Urban Local Bodies would directly benefit by enhancing their knowledge base which would ultimately get manifested in the improvement in the urban civic amenities .
thawing is complete when the part is pliable and colour and sensation has returned .
The Prime Minister also inaugurated the Sahibganj Sewerage Treatment Plant , and the Madhusudan Ghat , under the NamamiGange initiative .
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government had ensured that KMP Expressway project was finished on priority .
those who do not repeat are presumed to be pregnant which , however , needs to be confirmed/ diagnosed with the help of a veterinarian .
What is today , the tallest statue in the world , was first envisioned by Narendra Modi while he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat .
these courses will be given the status of optional trades & the relevant practical content for on-the-job training will be added by apprenticeship training as the case may be .
it should be done only on larger parts , '' she said .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today visited the Ananda Temple , at Bagan in Myanmar .
this shows that the baby has had all she or he wants from that breast .
in order to achieve these objectives , saansad adarsh gram yojana would be guided by the following approach  :
And all of us are aware that SP Singh was a stalwart , he was well known in the world of television .
children are vulnerable to malnutrition and infectious diseases .
universal application for transaction
you may also request money by sharing your code .
public awareness to be increased by way of national campaign , advertisement on national media , etc .
technology for education – e-education - all schools will be connected to broadband .
store the food items properly .
24 hour news channels are now available to millions of Indians .
non-blood vessel problems of the brain
The Prime Minister will deliver the inaugural address at the Global Investors’ Summit – “Magnetic Maharashtra : Convergence 2018 ” .
renewable energy
click on tab “ online voter registration  ”
mentally ill persons undergoing treatment shall not be subjected to any indignity ( whether physical or mental ) or cruelty .
MoU regarding Queen Suriratna Memorial Project
rs . 2000/- per month for boys . ie . rs 24000/- to each boy to be paid annually after selection
He said Tagore is a subject of study in Universities across the world even today .
key features
Solar trees are installed to meet the energy requirements of the memorial complex .
His contribution towards India’s freedom movement was tremendous .
the draws for these events took place in 100 different cities around india , in an event at each of these cities where digidhan mela was also organised .
`` it should not be done for epilepsies which come from a very small part of the brain .
The Prime Minister wished Mr Scheer a pleasant stay during his ongoing visit to India from 7-13 October .
Prime Minister Sri Narendra Modi greeted people of Odisha on the occasion of its formation day today .
Based on mutual agreement , both parties would work for implementation & deployment of pilot project in ISA member countries .
the availability of geothermal power is most environment-friendly power , round the year 24x7 basis , not affected by the severity of climate during 6 to 7 winter months like hydro and like dependence on sun in solar pv .
infants confirmed as hiv-positive should be breastfed so they can receive the benefits of breast milk .
there should be no caste-based discrimination , complete eradication of untouchability , and a due sense of security and dignity among the weaker sections .
eat less fried foods .
postnatal care ( care after child birth )
the verification of his identity is done online with the help of authentication devices which connect to central identity repository and return only a ‘ yes ’ or ‘ no ’ response to the basic query- “ is the person who he/she claims to be  ?  ” based on the data available with aadhaar .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the draft National Commission for Homoeopathy , Bill , 2018 , which seeks to replace the existing regulator Central Council for Homoeopathy ( CCH ) with a new body to ensure transparency .
Health and Wellness Centers is one of the vital components of Ayushman Bharat in ensuring Universal Health Coverage .
supplies and drugs available to provide the best care if needed .
benefits of treatment
only 10 % of the workforce has got formal or informal technical training .
He told that around 1 crore 20 lakh families in UP will be benefitted from the scheme .
the campaign targets at enhancing the accessibility of built environment , transport system and information & communication eco-system .
further in open air system , possibilities of contamination of diseases a re more than indoor system .
user can generate mini account statement for the bank account linked to his/her mobile number .
upon death of a member , during the period of insurance cover the sum assured of rs .30 ,000/- under assurance , then in force , shall become payable to the nominee .
the government of india seeks to promote digital payment methods to encourage consumers and merchants to increasingly shift to these payment modes .
and the cyber laws have a major impact for e-businesses and the new economy in india .
in case of multi-product establishments , the appropriate code is determined by the category of the product contributing the maximum value added for the establishment .
what you should know
filing of self-certified and simplified single online return by the industry .
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is working with a holistic approach to improve the health sector in the country .
lack of blood flow deprives brain cells of oxygen and nutrients , and cells may begin to die within minutes .
be with the person until medical help arrives .
In addition to the Swachh Bharat Mission , he mentioned the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana ( Urban ) , the Smart City Mission , AMRUT , and Deendayal Upadhyay National Urban Livelihood Mission .
all online applications and e-services to adhere to prescribed security measures including cyber security .
my requester
poultry manure has high fertilizer value and can be used for increasing yield of all crops .
rehabilitation including community based rehabilitation
Talking about India’s strength , PM said ,“Terrorists attacked Mumbai , what happened after it ?
families and caregivers can help prevent tuberculosis if they ensure that children  :
Condolences to his family and well wishers ” , the Prime Minister said .
Central University of Orissa , Koraput
this `` fingerprint , '' or coded message , is unique to both the document and the signer and binds them together .
Addressing a large public gathering , he described the occasion as the start of a new chapter in the development journey of the State .
ducks fertilize the pond by their droppings when given free range over the pond surface .
The Prime Minister highlighted the double engine strength of the Centre and the State Government in carrying out the development activities in the region .
for healthy growth of pig , a lying space of 1-1 .5 /pig and dung area of 1 .5 pig is regarded quite adequate .
Memoranda of Agreement have been signed by NRTI with Cornell University , USA ; University of California , Berkeley ; MIIT , Moscow and St . Petersburg Transport University , Russia so far .
He will inaugurate the Mundra LNG terminal , the Anjar-Mundra Pipeline Project and the Palanpur-Pali-Barmer pipeline project .
for queries , please write
under the scheme , there is a provision for government of india grant up to 30 % of the loan/ credit maximum up to rs . 30 .00 lakh as appraised by lending institutions/ banks .
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , hoisted the National Flag at Red Fort , to commemorate the 75th Anniversary of formation of Azad Hind Government , formed by Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose .
as a result , older people may notice a decrease in sensation .
they are substitutes for holding physical gold .
immunization against rotavirus ( where recommended and available ) reduces deaths from diarrhoea caused by this virus .
even newborn babies can be fed with an open cup .
That makes it one centre for every 10 square kilometres .
After the Bill becomes an Act , member of the communities newly listed in the revised list of Scheduled Tribes of Arunachal Pradesh will also be able to derive benefits meant for STs under the existing schemes of the Government .
what is a headache  ?
“ verbal and emotional abuse '' such as accusation/aspersion on character or conduct .
The Union Government has plans to focus on around 115 districts which are relatively backward when evaluated on various social indicators .
privacy concerns addressed
account lock out policy  :
be conscious of your own online activities .
the short term loan limit arrived for the 5th year plus the estimated long term loan requirement will be the maximum permissible limit and treated as the kisan credit card limit .
pregnancy is the most important phase in women ’ s life .
The Prime Minister asserted that the Union Government is walking on the path shown by Dr . Babasaheb Ambedkar .
The Prime Minister also said that he looks forward to receiving President Macron in India at his earliest convenience .
Talking about the honesty shown by the Bohra Community in business , Prime Minister said that the government encourages honest businessmen and workers through GST , Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code .
cyclones vary in diameter from 50 to 320 km but their effects dominate thousands of square kilometers of ocean surface and the lower atmosphere .
childhood is a process through which every human being passes .
increase in the number of older old ( persons above 80 years ) and
the applicant or spouse of dependent must have not received benefit from any other housing scheme or any other consolidated funds of india or funds of the state or local bodies .
i . Establishing a centralised management healthcare distribution centre ;
You will be glad to know that on the 17th of this month on the day of Dhanteras , the Khadi Gramodyog Bhavan store in Delhi witnessed a record sale of Rupees one crore , twenty lakhs .
radiological monitoring of the environment in the temporary shelters ( 16 km radius around the plant ) .
pick any one – internet banking , mobile .
The Integrated Refinery Expansion Project was also a strategic move of Bharat Petroleum to diversify into non-fuel sector .
in consultation with government , mutual fund ) regulations and companies has issued a master direction on gold monetisation scheme on 21st january , 2016 , which amends the master direction dated 22nd october , 2015 earlier issued by mutual fund ) regulations and companies on gold monetisation scheme
benefits of composted coir pith
disaster management involves a continuous and integrated process of planning , organising , coordinating and implementing measures which are necessary or expedient for  :
soil samples will be collected by a trained person from a depth of 15-20 cm by cutting the soil in a “ v  ” shape .
formation and initial development stage
tanks require space and a lot of initial material so a community approach is better , using a communal space for the tank and agreeing the date for bringing material/ filling the tank .
People wanted security , not stagnation
In a reflection of his priorities for the region , PM said , “ Government is committed for the overall development of Eastern India and Bihar . ”
insufficient calcium intake ,
setting up citizen committees
no subsequent failure will be condoned except courses in group-i .
get victim to lie down in a cool place .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the National Legislators Conference in Central Hall of Parliament .
in many countries where vitamin deficiency is common , high-dose vitamin capsules ( or syrup ) are administered to each child aged 6 months to 5 years , every four to six months .
% of households having access to safe sanitation
wear clothes that cover arms and legs .
antibiotics can be used , but require higher levels and long term medication to stop the outbreak .
This initiative seeks to empower the youth .
the national disaster management plan aims to make india disaster resilient and significantly reduce the loss of lives and assets .
higher storage capacity
cooperative dairy organisations ( dairy cooperative federation/milk unions and producers owned dairy organisations )
high germinability
Shri Narendra Modi will also visit Auroville .
go under a table or desk and hide under them until the shaking stops .
acceptable documents for prudential pension funds
The Prime Minister said that the “Ayushman Bharat ” scheme announced in the Union Budget is the largest scheme of its kind in the world .
He said India is on track to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals .
He said that the world will recognize India , both for its modernity , and for its rich heritage .
students who after having completed their educational career in one professional line continue education in a different professional line .
There is reportedly no such community .
information available to a person in his fiduciary relationship , unless the competent authority is satisfied that the larger public interest warrants the disclosure of such information
India’s first inland waterway was launched in Varanasi .
Seminar on Make in India
The two leaders discussed bilateral , regional and global matters of mutual interest .
the scheme is to be implemented by the authorised admission centre of respective state governments .
Dr . Abdul Momen briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in the bilateral relationship .
PM said , “Today I got opportunity to unveil projects worth more than Rs 4000 crore ” .
you will then get an online right to information form .
be sure that a window and door can be opened only on the side opposite to the one facing the wind .
if needed , scan with latest updated antivirus and products before installing such applications
for , the full list of hazardous occupations or processes , click here .
put sterile bandage on wound .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Railways .
sexual harassment  ;
sophisticated threats like man-in-the-browser or man-in-the-middle attacks intercept online transactions by reading payment data from the internet browser while the user is typing his credit card or bank account details .
the national highways authority of india has launched two mobile apps
research has shown that more than 50 % of maternal deaths take place during the postpartum period .
the programme weaves together a large number of ideas and thoughts into a single , comprehensive vision , so that each of them is seen as part of a larger goal .
core strategies
apprenticeship training is considered to be one of the most efficient ways to develop skilled manpower for the country .
for the loan sanctioned in financial year 2016-17 , the applicable interest rate is 10 % p .a . payable half-yearly for the entire term of the loan .
An attempt towards some measure of regulation was made with the establishment of the National Skill Development Agency ( NSDA ) in 2013 , to coordinate and harmonize the skill development efforts of the government and the private sector .
earlier , there was a provision of capping the premium rate which resulted in low claims being paid to farmers .
it would be an offence punishable in accordance with law as provided by article 17 of the constitution .
PM unveiled several development projects from Perumanallur village in Tiruppur .
• First is the Mumbai-Ahmedabad High Speed Rail Project :
immediate money transfer system
It will result in increased growth of livestock sector which is more inclusive , benefitting women , and small and marginal farmers .
physical development proceeds more gradually and steadily than in the early years
make clear what your expectations regarding their behaviour are .
more than 50 % of comas are related to head trauma or disturbances in the brain 's circulatory system .
Shriman Prakash Tripathi has further cited some examples .
if the crime is proved , the offender is punished depending on the intensity and the act of sexual abuse .
· BRICS Friendship Cities and Local Government Cooperation Forum – 28 to 29 June ( East London )
the key features in order to achieve the goals of the mission include making the public health delivery system fully functional and accountable to the community ,
there exists high risks and the consequences of damage is great when accidents happen
online portal would be used for administering the implementation of the apprenticeship training .
Agartala has its own unique challenges due to its saucer-shaped geography that makes it vulnerable to floods .
domicile certificate
mothers should have the right to breastfeed a child after returning to work , because breastfeeding has major benefits for the health of the mother and her child .
tumours in nerves cause lameness and paralysis .
children learn how to behave ( socially and emotionally ) by imitating the behaviour of those closest to them .
by ensuring a suitable accreditation machinery to recognise institutions , professionals and services relating to safety , health and environment at workplace for uniformity and greater coverage as also authenticating safe management system  ;
marked disparity in economic standard of the people .
photocopying ,
the application consists of the following .
legal services to be provided may include anyone or more of the following  :
scheme provides an assured return of 8 % p .a . payable monthly ( equivalent to 8 .30 % p .a . effective ) for 10 years .
if the eyes are healthy , the white part is clear , the eyes are moist and shiny , and vision is sharp .
the state governments/ administrations will implement the programme with financial and technical supports from the dept . of land resources , government of india .
national payments corporation of india , the umbrella organisation for all retail payments system in the country has launched the next generation online payments solution - unified payments interface which will leverage trends such as increasing smartphone adoption and deeper penetration of mobile data .
post-cyclone measures
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will visit Silvassa the capital of Dadra & Nagar Haveli tomorrow on 19 January 2019 .
The Prime Minister fondly recalled his successful visit to France in June 2017 .
eighty per cent of the precipitation takes place in the monsoon months from june to september .
The PM received a rousing welcome at the New India Youth Conclave .
unique labour identification number will be allotted to units to facilitate online registration .
He said that recently , he dedicated the National War Memorial , or Rashtriya Samar Smaarak , to the nation .
it will create huge employment opportunities especially in the rural areas .
you can seek information under right to information act- 2005 from any public authority ( government organization or government aided organization )
look before you step-after a flood , the ground and floors are covered with debris , which may include broken bottles , sharp objects , nails etc .
In the context of the Mahamana Express , the Prime Minister observed that Vadodara and Varanasi , which happen to be the two constituencies from which he contested the 2014 Parliamentary elections , are now connected via railway .
He said a lot of these projects are in the North-East .
The doubling of line will give a boost to industrial capacity in Odisha .
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose , the Prime Minister said that on Netaji’s call , many youth from the Andamans had dedicated themselves to the freedom of India .
the first indian food composition tables was brought out in the year 1937 by the national institute of nutrition , hyderabad .
PM will inaugurate Pahari Dam Modernization Project .
as first respondent  :
A group of about 30 young business leaders from Oman , who are part of the Oman India Joint Business Council , called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
undertake construction and expansion in the hospital building  ;
it facilitates `` virtual address '' as a payment identifier for sending and collecting money and works on single click 2 factor authentication .
vision
they both need to develop the skills to make healthy life choices that also support equality and respect in relationships .
the national authority shall consist of the chairperson and such number of other members , not exceeding nine , as may be prescribed by the central government and , unless the rules otherwise provide , the national authority shall consist of the following  : -
biological maturity precedes psychosocial maturity .
Prime Minister Netanyahu and I have just completed a fruitful interaction with Indian and Israeli business leaders through the bilateral CEOs Forum .
high protein diet for preeclampsia , especially if there is albumin in the urine .
the main programmatic components include
applicant signature
the indian market offers huge potential for cards penetration despite the challenges .
an infant who is fed only breast milk in her or his first six months of life is less likely to get diarrhoea during this time .
The Prime Minister interacted with family members of Shri Vajpayee .
'disasters ' , are defined as `` a serious disruption of the functioning of a community or a society causing widespread human , material , economic or environmental losses which exceed the ability of the affected community or society to cope using its own resources '' .
what is biomass  ?
one of the biggest advantages of solar energy is the ability to avoid the politics and price volatility that is increasingly characterizing fossil fuel markets .
follow codes relevant to your area for building standards
hydrogen is very hard to move around .
the portal defines mental health as mental well-being in which an individual realizes his or her own abilities , can cope with the normal stresses of life , can work productively and is able to make a contribution to his or her community .
Secretary , Ministry of Environment , Forests and Climate Change
however , this risk increases after six months .
2 . His Royal Highness the Crown Prince was accorded a ceremonial welcome on February 20 , 2019 at the Forecourt of the Rashtrapati Bhawan , New Delhi .
setting up of dedicated institutions with multi-disciplinary experts at state level - state level nodal agency , district level - watershed cell cum data centre , project level - project implementing agency and village level - watershed committee .
tsunamis generated in distant locations will generally give people enough time to move to higher ground .
each school will send one teacher to accompany a group of about 32 students of class ix and x and 8 teachers .
information for entrepreneurs
The President also stated that he regards the Prime Minister as a true friend of Sri Lanka , as also a close personal friend .
by adopting occupational safety and health training curricula in workplace and industry programmes  ;
although the means to carry out , motives for , and targets of a denial-of-service attack may vary , it generally consists of the concerted efforts of a person or persons to prevent an internet site or service from functioning efficiently or at all , temporarily or indefinitely .
PM said that ahead of upcoming School Board examinations , he will interact with the parents and students through NAMO App in ParikshapeCharcha – at 11am on 29th January , 2019 .
weigh less than 38 kilograms
sharing of basic training cost to basic training providers
while some 70 year-olds enjoy extremely good health and functioning , other 70 year-olds are frail and require significant help from others .
some important don'ts
tracing another person 's computer and internet activity ,
The Prime Minister said that the role of NHRC is also crucial for achieving the Sustainable Development Goals .
besides , creation and development of common property resources/assets/utilities like grain bank , biomass shredders , fodder bank , group marketing etc . will be encouraged under this component .
women affected by violence would be referred to the nearest hospital for medical aid/examination which would be undertaken as per the guidelines and protocols developed by the ministry of health and family welfare .
The project will ease the public transport in Patna and adjoining areas .
animal bites
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) signed between India and France in the field of Renewable Energy on 10th March , 2018 in New Delhi .
if baby is breastfeeding poorly
psychiatric disorders
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has expressed his delight on the successful maiden test firing of Brahmos ALCM ( Air Launched Cruise Missile ) from Su-30MKI fighter aircraft .
the government has directed internet companies to ban the game .
a coma is a prolonged state of unconsciousness .
one laying box/ 3 duck is needed .
many of this knowledge were further enriched in tibet with the knowledge and skills of neighboring countries and their own ethnic knowledge .
preparedness for nuclear/radiological emergencies
source book on solid and liquid waste management in rural areas , government of india
Mr . Modi added that local solution and global application is our mantra .
cyclones are classified as extra tropical cyclones ( also called temperate cyclones )  ; and tropical cyclones .
it can not be effectively maintained at the required temperature and can cause burns further damaging the tissues .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and France in the field of energy efficiency / energy conservation .
activities supported under the scheme include housing , land distribution , land development , agricultural development , cattle development , construction of link roads , installation of non conventional sources of energy , social security , etc .
all children need to be immunized against polio .
table of contribution levels , fixed monthly pension of rs . 1 ,000 per month to subscribers and his spouse and return of corpus to nominees of subscribers and the contribution period under atal pension yojana
all the above activities should focus particularly on lifting households out of poverty , for which organising and federating women skills , providing employment to all workers , and bringing about financial inclusion are very important .
annual lighting emission reduction of 30 kg is equivalent to 3 additional trees
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved setting up of a Central Tribal University in Andhra Pradesh .
soil health card
who can be punished for committing an illegal abortion  ?
He made notable contributions to the nation as a Parliamentarian , Minister and Governor .
He distributed certificates/cheques to women SHGs under Maharashtra State Rural Livelihoods Mission .
keep a close eye on bank statements , and dispute any unauthorized charges or withdrawals immediately .
lockscreen ransomware shows a full-screen message that prevents you from accessing your environment or files .
the applicant must belong to a household below poverty line according to the criteria prescribed by the government of india .
At times Mann Ki Baat is also sneered at but 130 crore countrymen ever occupy a special pleace in my heart .
the bharat net will be done over aadhaar platform
transport karmacharis
reduce just one paper or plastic bag a day
The Prime Minister said that there are a few people in our country who attempt to weaken the honesty of our social structures , and lower the nation’s dignity .
That’s the capability of Indian scientists which has made the world stand up and applaud .
all babies and young children need to be encouraged and praised when they learn to do something new and say new words .
• Joint Declaration on India-Sweden Innovation Partnership for a Sustainable Future between Ministry of Science and Technology of India and the Ministry of Enterprise and Innovaion
premature redemption under medium and long term government deposits
There has just been a single objective behind it- Restoration of peace .
Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) of the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs .
follow “ sun-down sleeves-down  ” approach .
The future of fintech and Industry 4 .0 is emerging in India .
* you would be required to invest at least 80 % of the pension wealth to purchase a life annuity from any retirement solutions limited – regulated life insurance company .
rabies is a preventable viral disease .
the bird becomes lame from swollen foot pads .
they could help you give up their use .
the existing national fund for persons with disabilities and the trust fund for empowerment of persons with disabilities will be subsumed with the national fund .
apprentice protsahan yojana which will support manufacturing units mainly and other establishments by reimbursing 50 % of the stipend paid to apprentices during first two years of their training .
persons holding piped natural gas equipment without any connecting document , to submit undertaking and pay security deposit at prevailing rate .
however , some patients live until they are teenagers or , rarely , young adults .
scholars will be paid enrolment/registration , tuition , games , union , library , magazine , medical examination and such other fees compulsorily payable by the scholar to the institution or university/board .
The Prime Minister said that Mahatma Gandhi instilled a spirit in every person that they are contributing to India’s freedom .
grocery bills payment
hormones  : the production of the hormone estrogen is vital in adolescent females and young women so as to maintain bone mass .
energy exists in several forms such as heat , kinetic or mechanical energy , light , potential energy , electrical , or other forms .
obesity in childhood and adolescence can lead to adult obesity .
infected birds should be removed , killed and incinerated .
cybercrimes committed against persons include various crimes like transmission of child-pornography , harassment of any one with the use of a computer such as e-mail , and cyber-stalking .
career centres
payment from home .
candidates who after passing one stage of education are studying in the same stage of education in a different subject
The Operations & Maintenance expenses on new AIIMS are also fully borne by the Central Government .
North-East is going to host the Sports University .
PM said , “India is now ready for business .
parents and caregivers need to help children develop the habit of washing their hands with soap before eating and after using the latrine or toilet .
The Prime Minister said that the Global Housing Technology Challenge is a platform that can help elevate India’s construction ecosystem to international standards .
safe disposal of all household refuse helps to keep the living environment clean and healthy .
grant monetary relief to meet the expenses incurred and losses suffered by the aggrieved person and any child of the aggrieved person as a result of the domestic violence .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Tamilnadu on April 12 .
wash your mouth with clean water after eating any food .
in the article 244 ( 1 ) of the constitution , expression scheduled areas means such areas as the president may by order declare to be scheduled areas .
refusal to issue or delay in issuing , or failure to service or delay in servicing or redemption of government securities ,
broadcast seva portal
in order to enhance skill development the existing central scheme of polytechnics has been subsumed within rashtriya uchchatar shiksha abhiyan .
the customer can subsequently complete the documentation at the new distributorship within the stipulated time .
percentage households with bank accounts under pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana .
it is especially important to wash the hands with soap after defecating and after cleaning the bottom of a baby or child who has just defecated .
operation smile
however , the actual tag issuing charges are defined by the issuing bank and may vary from bank to bank .
if there is an error in ( i .e . , any mistake in name , father ’ s name or age ) in electoral rolls or in your electoral photo identity card then you can submit application to do necessary correction
about blood pressure
they shall visit the schools periodically or at least the erring institutions as listed by the chief education officer .
as children 's brains develop , so do their emotions , which are real and powerful .
And , they are also embracing our nation’s social missions – from health and education to micro credit and insurance .
Addressing the Officer Trainees , the Prime Minister stressed the importance of representing India abroad in the context of India’s rich history , culture and traditions .
He said about 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs . 5 lakhs every year .
PM distributed certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes .
usually they are no cause for alarm .
concentrated feed mixed with other locally available agro - industrial by - products , tuber crops like sweet potato , tapioca , colocasia , vegetables and kitchen waste etc .
if there is uncertainty about the safety of the drinking water , local authorities should be consulted .
the tsunami may have damaged roads , bridges , or other places that may be unsafe .
He will inaugurate the new terminal building of the Airport , before returning to Delhi .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will visit Punjab on January 3 , 2019 .
have hiv or other stis .
My dear countrymen , Shriman Darshan from Mysore , Karnataka has written on My gov .
Remembering SardarVallabhbhai Patel , Prime Minister said that the efforts of Sardar Patel towards cooperative sector should never be forgotten .
Similarly , do you know that the number of trade-marks registered has also gone up from around sixty eight thousand in 2013-14 to around two point five lakh in 2016-17 .
breastfed babies receive protection from illnesses through the mother 's milk .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs ; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation .
digishala , a free doordarshan channel has been launched to educate and inform the people about the various modes of digital payments .
release of central assistance in three installments ( 20 % , 50 % & 30 % ) instead of five installments .
antidote , i .e . , the treatment  ;
adult literacy
under the constitution the disabled have been guaranteed the following fundamental rights  :
mahila e-haat is an initiative for meeting aspirations and needs of women entrepreneurs .
what is the process if voters ’ registration holder needs to apply for aadhaar  ? and if they do n't have their own residential address in india now  ?
under the institutional care , children are provided with various services including education , health , nutrition , de-addiction , treatment of diseases , vocational training , skill development , life skill education , counselling , etc to help them assume a constructive role in the society .
MoS , PMO Dr Jitendra Singh , and senior officers from PMO and Cabinet Secretariat were present during the interactions .
aadhaar seeding in bank accounts using bharat net
this is mandatory .
in a defective skin , the sweat glands gets blocked and as a result , sores , boils and acne develop .
review flood safety and preparedness measures with your family .
detergent - 200 g
as incentive for good performance , credit limits could be enhanced to take care of increase in costs , change in cropping pattern , etc .
preference for sons
flammable or explosive materials may have come from upstream .
monitor the screen time and keep an eye on his/her online activities .
in case people are unable to register online , they can register themselves development by visiting the nearest career centre and get notifications on all kinds of jobs , career counseling , job fairs and various other employment-related services .
5 . The estimated cost of the project is Rs . Rs .7500 .80 crore and the project will be completed in four years .
The total cost is assessed as Rs . 3775 .42 crore , out of which Rs . 2804 .09 crore will be spent for construction of permanentcampuses of these institutes , as per the following details :
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the policy to permit exploration and exploitation of unconventional hydrocarbons such as Shale oil/gas , Coal Bed Methane ( CBM ) etc .
this will be taken as communicator and catalyst , taking the message of industrial training institutes vocational training to every section of society .
no deposit is required to be made by the beneficiary for release of subsidy .
together , the mother and father can ensure that the child receives a quality education and good nutrition and health care .
Expressing happiness in handing over new houses to over 2 lakh beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana- Grameen ( PMAY-G ) on occasion of Dussehra , Prime Minister said that it is a big step towards the fight against poverty .
He will launch the 90 ,000 units’ EWS and LIG Housing scheme under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana .
symptoms may be difficult to distinguish from those of the original illness , but in general , the following signs are suggestive of dehydration  ;
He will pay homage at the statue of Shri Guru Ravidas .
rights of persons with disabilities act , 2016
investors can apply for the bonds through scheduled commercial banks and designated post offices .
intranasal or intraocular
2 cups of brown rice/ 3 rotis/1 serving of fish/chicken , 1 cup of vegetable curry 1 cup of curd . 1 orange
defines six pillars of interventions  :
They will then proceed to Delhi on 25th January and witness the Republic Day Parade at New Delhi on 26th January 2019 .
ease of administering through technology
however , you may receive a shorter jail term or fine if the court is convinced that your infringement was not commercial in nature ( for personal use , rather than to sell or rent out ) .
rehabilitation measures whenever needed are to be taken up in coordination with the other line departments like department of women & child development , police , labour , etc so that scope of re-victimization is eliminated .
submission of incorrect bank details will directly lead to rejection of the application .
another objective of the scheme is to make secondary and senior secondary education accessible to a larger number of girl students .
the government proposes to train about 3 lakh youths annually in first two years and by the end of 2017 , it has set a target of reaching out to as many as 10 lakh rural youths .
maternal/neonatal/pediatric
super cyclone
technology for farmers
they grow and learn best when responsive and caring parents and other caregivers give them affection , attention and stimulation in addition to good nutrition , proper health care and protection .
iii . thrust on R&D activities on mineral processing including process development for upgradation of low grade ore ; ( iv ) development of IT enable Mining^ Tenement System ( MTS ) for computerizing the mineral sectors activities .
skin may be pale and clammy
“We strongly condemn the terror attacks in Afghanistan yesterday .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Morocco on cooperation in the field of health .
on registration , the user gets a one-time password on his / her mobile phone .
slow-healing wounds
it is a facility for testing the soil sample for 12 parameters as indicated in reply to question number 2 .
India’s stature has increased at the international forums , India has voiced its opinions strongly on such forums .
Kharif MSP at 150% of input cost to be announced next week , says PM States told to ensure payment of cane arrears by sugar mills
To inaugurate 106th edition of Indian Science Congress in Jalandhar
national disaster management authority
since the transaction processing will happen domestically , it would lead to lower cost of clearing and settlement for each transaction .
coma
if they are not available remove the cream to set the curds .
in an effort to motivate parents to open an account in the name of a girl child and for her welfare to deposit maximum of their savings upto the prescribed limits , higher rates of interest is given on the deposits on annually compounded basis with income tax concession .
ransomware sample drops and executes generally from these locations .
a disabled person can not act as a guardian of a minor under the guardian and wards act , 1890 if the disability is of such a degree that one can not act as a guardian of the minor .
including mental torture and emotional distress caused by the acts of domestic violence committed by that respondent .
shy-drager , a synthetic heroin contaminant , can cause severe parkinson 's disease-like symptoms .
The scheme was launched on 8th April 2015 to promote and ensure access of financial facilities to Non –Corporate Small Business Sector ( NCSBS ) .
we save our energy when we save energy -
The Prime Minister said that the Indian entertainment industry enjoys immense popularity across the world .
mode of selection
at the state level , the mission would function under the overall guidance of the state health mission headed by the chief minister of the state .
just ask the recipient to share the account number and code ( code is available on the cheque book ! ) and transfer funds using mobile phones or internet .
under the hindu succession act , 1956 which applies to hindus it has been specifically provided that physical disability or physical deformity would not disentitle a person from inheriting ancestral property .
The vessel was skippered by Lt . Commander Vartika Joshi , and the crew also comprised Lt . Commanders Pratibha Jamwal , P Swathi , and Lieutenants S Vijaya Devi , B Aishwarya and Payal Gupta .
it is imperative that all information and services in e-governance projects are available in indian languages as well .
it further recommends a robust techno-legal regime through efficient land use practices , bio shields , and shelter belt plantation and mangrove regeneration with community involvement .
the subsidy proposed is 75 % of the cost of equipment /machinery subject to maximum of rs .7 ,500/- .
For over half a century , India’s flagship initiative – Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation , ITEC – has offered training and skill development to 161 partner countries from Asia , Africa , Eastern Europe , Latin America , Caribbean and Pacific Island states .
counselling session to focus on the following topics  :
children affected by conflict and disaster
intake of plenty of fruits and vegetables containing vitamin c ( e .g . mango , guava , orange and sweet lime ) , as these enhance the absorption of iron .
visit online complaint
Today , she presented one Pashmina shawl to the Prime Minister , during the interaction .
irrigation
slum rehabilitation of slum dwellers with participation of private developers using land as a resource
emphasis will also be given to manage and equitably distribute the resources of commons by involving the water users associations , etc . .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi met Her Majesty Queen Maxima of the Kingdom of the Netherlands today .
the rabies virus is transmitted from infected animals to humans through scratches , bites , or licks on mucous membranes of the lips or eyes .
the size of the main exit and classroom doors shall be enlarged if found inadequate .
eligibility of acquiring light-emitting diode bulbs
carrot - 95 %
• A silver vase ( Kalash ) with embossing , with a base price of Rs . 10 ,000/- was auctioned for Rs . 6 lakhs .
the police have an obligation to take into protective custody a wandering or neglected mentally ill person , and inform his relative , and also have to produce such a person before the local magistrate for issue of reception orders .
all components of integrated child development scheme except supplementary nutrition programme are financed through a 60 :40 ratio ( central  : state ) .
visit your nearest common service centre centre and register online using common service centre services and you may have to pay nominally for this .
give sips of water slowly and if nausea occurs , discontinue
the most common injury following a disaster is cut feet .
here it heats another set of pipes filled with water to make steam .
run away children
minor forest produce is more often than not determined by the traders instead of self-sustained process of demand and supply .
it 's often caused by irregular beating in the heart 's two upper chambers .
He will pay floral tributes at Statue of Netaji at Marina Park , Port Blair .
yes ! we work on holidays too
technology for planning
30 ,000 houses for poor to be built under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana in Solapur
during counselling , a pregnant woman or new mother with antiretroviral can be helped to determine whether she can provide her baby with a nutritionally adequate and safe diet without breast milk .
a similar position is taken by the hindu minority and guardianship act , 1956 , as also under the muslim law
to become eligible for swavalamban benefit a subscriber needs to contribute within the specified limit of rs . 1000-12000 per year in his retirement solutions limited account .
These projects are cumulatively worth over 3500 crore rupees , the Prime Minister said .
PM to address New India Youth Conclave later this evening
All leading agencies such as IMF , World Bank , and ADB are estimating India to grow at 7 to 8 percent in the near future .
coach 1  : understanding climate change
if a woman is raped at the same time by a group of people , each of them will be punished for committing the crime .
They conveyed greetings of President Trump to the Prime Minister .
a good feed ration should contain the required nutrient in right proportion as per the need of body weight along with adequate drinking water .
several rehabilitation and social reintegration measures have been provided for children in conflict with law and those in need of care and protection .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has spoken to Chief Minister of Kerala Shri Pinarayi Vijayan regarding flood situation in the state .
delhi and sikkim and assam
however , there is evidence that parkinson ’ s disease maybe inherited .
PM unveils various development projects
watch for twitching and fits developing
if a young child is developing slowly , parents and other caregivers can help by spending extra time with the child , playing and talking with the child , and massaging the child 's body .
Its mandate is to link farmers to investment , technology and markets .
Governor of Tamil Nadu ,
making the mixture a little too diluted ( with more than 1 litre of clean water ) is not harmful .
the growth and mortality of pigs largely depend on their feeding regime .
He also spoke of initiatives taken for the MSME sector .
the project will be implemented in identified 162 districts having higher proportion of child under - nutrition across eight states , viz . bihar , chhattisgarh , jharkhand , madhya pradesh , maharashtra , rajasthan , uttar pradesh and andhra pradesh .
overpricing of scheduled medicine , new drug & drug for which price fixed under para 19 click here
Government also plans to promote North-East as the hub of Organic Farming .
the interface is the advanced version of immediate payment service which is a 24 * 7 * 365 funds transfer service .
The same ethos was reflected in the doctrine of trustee-ship , advocated by Mahatma Gandhi .
cotton
PM will dedicate to nation various hospitals built in Ahmedabad region .
if you happen to call 1-0-8 by accident then do not hang up until the officer asks you to do so .
prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme is meant for wards/widows of uniformed/combat personnel .
she/he can also prefer to give a long-term option of continuing in which case his/her account will be auto-debited every year by the bank .
national urban health mission envisages to meet health care needs of the urban population with the focus on urban poor , by making available to them essential primary health care services and reducing their out of pocket expenses for treatment .
therefore people with diabetes need regular monitoring .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 687 kg
Boost to Banking Services at Post Offices across the country
certain self-limiting illnesses or minor injuries may not require further medical care past the first aid intervention .
“When Rohan Bopanna and Divij Sharan play , expect wonderful tennis!
if you smell gas or hear a blowing or hissing noise , open a window and get everyone outside quickly .
reduce maternal mortality rate to 1/1000 live births
if a mother is positive , there is a risk that she can transmit antiretroviral to her baby through breastfeeding .
aquatic nymphs and adult insects ( dragonflies ) , which are natural enemies of mosquitoes , should be encouraged .
Over the last three years , the Union Government has done a lot on these fronts .
the slow motion of the indian crust , about 5 cm/year accumulates stress to which natural disasters are attributed .
babies born underweight are less likely to grow well , more likely to become ill and four times more likely to die in the first year of life than babies of normal weight .
man-in-the-middle attack and phishing
there has been an increasing trend of heat - wave in india over the past several years whereby several cities in india have been severely affected .
tobacco use stains fingers , lips and teeth . it also causes bad breath .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Bihar on Bihar Diwas .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the occasion of Easter .
to make the most of the web , you need to know how to keep yourself safe and secure .
entitlements and service guarantee under janani shishu suraksha karyakram
Mr . John Chambers , Chairman of US-India Strategic Partnership Forum called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi in Gandhinagar today .
click send
the estimated potential of small hydro power is about 15 ,000 in the country .
they should also be advised to keep some emergency fund , or have a source for emergency funding , should a complication arise and more money is required than initially anticipated .
low fiber diet
to promote rapid replication and integration of e-governance applications
mobile pin is like a password and used for authenticating financial transactions .
the risk factors for type 1 diabetes are still being researched .
the above bodily changes put you at an increased risk of fractures , various injuries , osteoporosis and arthritis .
medical help and appropriate and low-cost antibiotics are readily available .
xerox copy of bank passbook as an identity proof
In this context , Prime Minister spoke about Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana ( PMJAY ) and said that around one lakh people have benefited from the scheme so far .
Underlining the efforts of Government in ensuring ‘Housing for All’ by 2022 , Prime Minister said that in the last four years , Government has built over 1 .25 crore houses .
breathing abilities are typically estimated based on the maximum amount of air that can be blown out either slowly or quickly .
sanitation
if caregivers are patient and sympathetic when a child expresses strong emotions , the child is more likely to grow up happy , secure and well balanced .
feathers appear ruffled .
other individuals first notice speech problems , termed “ bulbar onset  ” amyotrophic lateral sclerosis .
Today , the government is using Direct Benefit Transfers for 59 different schemes .
duration of the scheme
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the transfer of administrative control of Hemisphere Properties India Ltd .
supervision of progress of the beneficiaries
if urea is applied , it is recommended that 5 kg urea is required for one ton of coir pith .
national geo-spatial information system mission mode project would be implemented to facilitate geo-spatial information system based decision making for project planning , conceptualization , design and development .
thorough sanitation , adequate feeding of colostrums and milk during the first few hours after birth is important to reduce the problem .
women who are hiv positive .
signs and symptoms
these training programmes should focus on medical officers , paramedical staff and community health staff so that they can effectively prevent and manage heat - related medical issues to reduce mortality and morbidity .
individuals may lose track of the steps involved in preparing a meal , placing a telephone call or playing a game .
these nets are distributed by malaria control programmes and can be obtained through health facilities or during child health days or integrated campaigns .
heat-wave is a condition of atmospheric temperature that leads to physiological stress , which sometimes can claim human life .
I can make the sparrow fight against the hawk
 . washing the hands ( above the wrist , in between the fingers and nails ) with soap after completion of the activity and especially before cooking and eating food helps to prevent many diseases .
uchhattar avishkar yojana , a joint challenge program scheme has earmarked rs . 250 crore annually to foster `` very high quality '' research amongst students .
find information on training/skill programs-
request or send money to mobile number
not more than two disabled children of the same parents will be entitled to receive benefits of the scheme .
national talent search scheme is a flagship activity of the sciences started in the year 1963 .
do n't swim through fast flowing water - you may get swept away or stuck by an object in the water .
The MMLP will make Jharsuguda the prime hub of logistics in the region .
too much physically demanding work during pregnancy can contribute to problems with the pregnancy such as miscarriage ,
battery operated torch
support entrepreneurs through entrepreneurship hubs
to increase awareness among depositors , government had continued the media campaign in radio .
however , dr tripathi says in cases like kanika 's , the benefits outweigh the risks .
Institutions like Sri Ramakrishna Mission and Sri Narayana Mission have been here for decades .
the generated electricity can either be used as it is or can be stored in the battery .
Flags off First Phase of Ahmedabad Metro ; Inaugurates the New Civil Hospital and New Cancer Hospital
if the diastolic blood pressure is above 110 mmhg , it is a danger sign pointing towards imminent eclampsia .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today inaugurated Phase 1 of the RO RO ( Roll on , Roll off ) ferry service between Ghogha and Dahej .
any human being up to the age of 18 years is recognised as a child under the protection of children from sexual offences act .
all post-matriculation level non-degree courses for which entrance qualification is high school ( class x ) , e .g . senior secondary certificate ( class xi and xii )  ; both general and vocational stream , courses , 3 year diploma courses in polytechnics , etc .
sending electronic viruses  ;
pre-identification of any facility-specific , abnormal situation for classification of a plant and site emergency .
identification of beneficiaries eligible for assistance and their prioritisation to be done using information from socio economic and caste census ensuring total transparency and objectivity .
everything she or he sees , touches , tastes , smells or hears helps to shape the brain for thinking , feeling , moving and learning .
diabetes in asians is five times the rate of the white population .
register now .
computer threats and attacks
• Mutual Legal Assistance on Criminal Matters
As Mahatma Gandhi himself told us : “The press is called the Fourth Estate .
do n't scrub or brush mud and other deposits from materials , this may cause further damage .
Prime Minister will also dedicate to the nation an inland waterways terminal on river Ganga in Varanasi .
each person starts to change at a different time .
the student concerned will be blacklisted and debarred for scholarship in any scheme forever .
weekly prizes worth a maximum of rs 1 lakh to 7000 consumers
duration of practical training/on-the-job-training
if the diet is not enough , with less than the required amount of calories , the woman might gain only 5 - 6 kg during her pregnancy .
feed herself or himself
we save the country a lot of money when we save energy -
kindly read the terms and conditions before filling in the form .
every grid-connected consumer having a metered connection from their respective electricity distribution company can get the light-emitting diode bulbs at about 40 % of the market price under the unnat jyoti scheme .
the major seed quality characters are summarized as below .
once air spreads out , a positive perturbation pressure at high levels is produced , which accelerates the downward motion of air due to convection .
raw or leftover cooked food can be dangerous .
if baby develops fever or feels cold to the touch
The Prime Minister mentioned the progress made by Manipur in other sectors such as Swachh Bharat , sanitation , and development of the aspirational district of Chandel .
putting screens on doors and windows  ;
certification charges
all bank account holders under the eligible category may join atal pension yojana with auto-debit facility to accounts , leading to reduction in contribution collection charges .
heat-wave is defined as the condition where maximum temperature at a grid point is 3oc or more than the normal temperature , consecutively for 3 days or more .
if you file a case in court , such as the consumer court , you can not approach the ombudsman while the case is going on .
when b tries to encash the cheque , he can not do so .
to get the complete action plan document , click here .
implementation methodology
the approval number along with the specified logo/symbol of 'quality mark ' , shall be printed/labelled on packages of milk and milk products .
you can keep an eye on your account by registering your mobile number .
pradhan mantri kaushal vikas yojana
the crops cultivated as per proposed cropping pattern & scale of finance
you will then receive an one time password which you will enter and set your personal identification number .
the e-sign facility provided as part of digilocker system can be used to digitally sign e-documents .
the award of quality mark shall be specific for the unit ( location wise ) as well as for the process for a particular product .
He emphasized that providing facilities such as toilets or dustbins is not enough , and added that cleanliness or Swachhta is a habit that can be inculcated .
all lanes of all 371 toll plazas in the country will become fastag enabled from 1st october 2017
use condoms for safe sex .
We have taken a number of initiatives to infuse healthy competition among States .
infectious bronchitis
earlier all states were advised to take up a one month campaign titled ‘ operation smile ’ in the month of january , 2015 to rescue/rehabilitate the missing children .
promote the spirit of national integration through a deep and structured engagement between all indian states and union territories through a year-long planned engagement between states  ;
emergency food ( dry items ) and water ( packed and sealed )
instead , type the site 's address directly into your browser ( or follow a bookmark you 've previously saved ) to get back to your account
private agencies own 95 % of the wind farms in india .
non-acceptance , without sufficient cause , of small denomination notes tendered for any purpose , and for charging of commission in respect thereof ,
Around fifty lakh Self Help Groups covering around six crore women are now present in the country , PM added .
maintaining near normal levels of blood glucose and blood pressure can greatly reduce the risk of kidney disease .
PM congratulated His Excellency Dr . Sultan Al Jaber for his contribution to the energy sector and vision for the future .
wage employment , enforcement of minimum wages etc .
( DMRC ) , the existing Special Purpose Vehicle ( SPV ) of the Government of India and Government of National Capital Territory of Delhi ( GNCTD ) .
in addition to the trade specific skills , training must be provided in employability and soft skills , functional english and functional informational technology literacy so that the training can build cross cutting essential skills .
premium
the issue of 'bonded labour ' came to the list of national priority when it was included in the old 20-point programme in 1975 .
Officer Trainees also presented the best of their ideation on the Swachh Bharat Mission .
increases skin health
`` i love my sister for her continous support ``
do not contact me again .
IIPE has been registered as a Society under the AP Society Registration Act , 2001 on 18/04/2016 .
The Prime Minister appreciated the youth for their active involvement in key initiatives such as Swachh Bharat and Digital India .
The Prime Minister said that the youth has given “Brand India ” a global identity .
enter 7 for change mobile pin and submit .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed Civil Servants on the occasion of Civil Services Day .
this condition is not desirable for fish culture , and these weeds are kept under control by using herbicides like diuron or simazine .
income certificate is required to be taken once only , i .e . at the time of admission to courses , which are continuing for more than one year .
girls need the same amount of food , attention , affection and care that boys need .
there is evidence that climate change is causing increase in extreme weather events as well as severity and frequency of natural disasters .
table . 4 . vaccination schedule of swine  :
direct storm water away from slopes ,
set personal identification number for the selected account .
Our side offers strength and stability .
child  : child will mean a child of a worker ( male / female ) pursuing study in any recognised school / college .
“You are IIT-ians , I was a Tea-ian when I was young ( I sold tea ) .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 46 kg on every fan
rashtriya swachhata kosh
the law will act as a deterrent for child offenders committing heinous offences such as rape and murder and will protect the rights of victim .
geothermal literally means heat generated by earth .
Vibrant Gujarat Summit was conceptualized in 2003 by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi who was then the Chief Minister of Gujarat , to re-establish Gujarat as a preferred investment destination .
listen to the radio or television for information .
He released a commemorative postage stamp on Nanaji Deshmukh .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with the beneficiaries of various social security schemes from across the country , through video bridge .
by setting up safety and health committees wherever deemed appropriate  ;
objectives
about the campaign
however many may not come .
the woman may have a normal diet but avoid salted foods , and use little or no salt in cooking .
listen to music that “ they  ” ( curators ) send you .
The Prime Minister said that we must focus on boosting connectivity without conflict .
slums so redeveloped should compulsorily be denotified .
the act provides for grant of guardianship by district court under which there will be joint decision – making between the guardian and the persons with disabilities .
heavy sweating , weakness , skin cold , pale , headache and clammy .
law on child sexual abuse
all the centres are capable of performing transaction .
the aadhaar authentication service is fully functional and in use in several service delivery schemes across the country .
approve plans prepared by the ministries or departments of the government of india in accordance with the national plan  ;
The Prime Minister recounted how the Union Government has begun a series of unprecedented projects for the nation’s development .
what is the limit of fund transfer using bank  ?
the application can be made on plain paper .
asha package of rs . 400 in urban areas include rs . 200 for ante natal check-ups component and rs . 200 for facilitating institutional delivery
A contribution of equal amount as that of the beneficiary will be made by the Union Government , PM said .
wards of serving central armed police forces personnel subject to availability of scholarship .
The Prime Minister will offer floral tributes at SantKabir Samadhi , on the occasion of the 500th death anniversary of the great saint and poet , Kabir .
Pursuing bilateral cooperation in the areas of hydrography and marine cartography .
A commemorative postal stamp on the Maharaja Suheldeo will be released by the Prime Minister in Ghazipur where he will also address a public rally .
abortion resulting in death ­ - if the patient dies because of a botched abortion or an abortion carried out by an unskilled person , the doctor who conducted the operation can be punished with jail time of up to 10 years and fine .
friendships made online are made by clicking a button rather than talking to people and sharing experiences .
He will unveil multiple Projects pertaining to health , education , water supply and sanitation .
The Prime Minister assured all possible assistance to the state , He announced immediate assistance worth Rs .500 crore .
total 2000 of scholarship to be sanctioned equally for both girls & boys under assam rifles will be given for the each academic year in addition to renewal cases of previous years .
protect from hot and cold weather .
the user may search labour identification number through ‘ know your labour identification number ’ option .
This will provide easy access to health care services to the people living in the villages .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has given its approval for signing an MoU between India and Afghanistan on Technical Cooperation on Police Training and Development .
maximum entry age  : no limit
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved funding for the for Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle Mark-III ( GSLV Mk-III ) continuation programme ( Phase-I ) consisting of ten ( 10 ) GSLV ( Mk-III ) flights , at a total estimated cost of Rs . 4338 .20 crores .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , visited Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh , and launched various development projects .
The entire idea of Vibrant Gujarat , was conceptualized by Shri Narendra Modi , in his term as Chief Minister of the State .
do not transfer or share account details with unknown/non validated source .
corporate sector vision
“Greetings on National Science Day .
the signs of labour include any one of the following  :
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is working towards promoting “ease of living ” for the common man .
Under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana , 81 per cent of the targeted habitations numbering about 1 .45 lakh have so far been connected .
The PM will walk through the memorial and address a public meeting .
larvicidal fish like sticklebacks , minnows , trout , etc . should be introduced in the ornamental fountains , ditches , ponds , lakes , canals , tanks , etc .
cleansing agent/soap
the president may at any time by order
PM e-inaugurated the Only Women Engineering College at Ramgarh .
Discussing ways to add even more value to this Conference , the Prime Minister suggested that follow up should continue through working groups , all the year round .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) and the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Kenya ( ICPAK ) .
several sulfonamides , antibiotics , and antibacterials are effective in reducing mortality , but none eradicates the disease from the flock .
the national career service portal links job-seekers , employers , counsellors and training providers , all through aadhaar based authentication .
rural electrification
employers who have engaged the apprentices before 1st october , 2016 will get the benefits of scheme from 1st october , 2016 only .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi , on his Punya Tithi .
during this seven month journey , science express climate action special will roll into tripura for the first time .
there is no guarantee that paying the fine or doing what the ransomware tells you will give access to your environment or files again .
phase v to vii was based on the theme of biodiversity .
be prepared to expect aftershocks .
institutional restructuring , capacity building and reforms
use of logo of quality mark
Following is the text of Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi’s message on World Toilet Day .
mission statement
this would also be a wonderful opportunity to garner the resource of retiring employees for voluntary contribution to nation building post retirement .
The Prime Minister interacted with volunteers engaged in cleaning the Ganga , from Bijnor in Uttar Pradesh .
the head of the institution shall report such cases to them and stop payment of the scholarship money .
software piracy is also another distinct kind of cybercrime which is perpetuated by many people online who distribute illegal and unauthorised pirated copies of software .
Later in the day , at Bidar , the Prime Minister will inaugurate the Bidar – Kalaburagi New Railway Line .
presence of places of tourism and pilgrimage significance .
The Prime Minister said that three new states were formed , under Vajpayee ji’s leadership , without any trace of bitterness .
both girls and boys should start school at the appropriate age ( in accordance with their country 's policy ) .
who will help take care of her family while she is away  ?
working capital for maintenance of farm assets , activities allied to agriculture , like dairy animals , inland fishery and also working capital required for floriculture , horticulture etc .
note  : photocopies of all relevant documents should be attested by a gazetted officer .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modicalled His Excellency Mr . Ibrahim Mohamed Solih , President of the Republic of Maldives today , and complimented him on the victory of the Maldivian Democratic Party ( MDP ) in the recent Parliamentary elections .
The Prime Minister asserted that governance cannot happen when the dominant thought process begins at ‘Mera Kya’ and ends at ‘Mujhe Kya .’
The approved pay scales would be applicable from 1 .1 .2016 .
a clean , private space should be provided to allow them to clean themselves and wash and dry their cloths .
there are numerous ways in which you can be safe during an earthquake .
finance ministry has said people who do not have officially valid documents or aadhaar numbers can open jan dhan bank accounts by submitting two copies of signed photographs at a bank branch .
He added that he is of the view that 1 .25 billion Indians should have 1 .25 billion aspirations .
tip - some sites allow users to set limits on who can search for them , who can send friend requests , etc .
symptoms of lower motor neuron degeneration include muscle weakness and atrophy , muscle cramps , and fasciculation ’ s .
cranial neuralgia describes a group of headaches that occur because the nerves in the head and upper neck become inflamed and become the source of the pain in the head .
remember , misidentification of the snake species could be a fatal error .
Shree Anant Narayan Nanda , Secretary ( Post )
( V ) MoU for cooperation on Broadcasting for exchange of Audio-Visual Programmes .
thrombotic stroke
It is much more than the conventional Shatabdi rake of equal number of coaches , thanks to shifting of all electric equipment below the coaches and seats in the driving coach also .
an electronic-wallet ( e-wallet ) is an electronic application that enables online e-commerce transactions like purchasing goods , paying utility bills , transferring money , booking flight etc . with a financial instrument ( such as a credit card or a digital currency ) using smart phones or computers .
highlights of the scheme
birds infected with the synovitis form show lameness , followed by lethargy , reluctance to move , swollen joints , stilted gait , loss of weight , and formation of breast blisters .
the stand up india scheme aims at promoting entrepreneurship among women and scheduled castes and tribes .
blood chemistry
family planning services provide women and men with information , education and the means to plan when to begin having children , how many to have , how far apart to have them and when to stop .
the submission of the form will be determined by the employer having paid the 3 .67 % employees ' provident fund contribution in respect of these new employees .
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress made towards rollout of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana , under Ayushman Bharat .
it is important to give breast milk alone for the first six months of a baby 's life .
substantial dependency on rainfall makes cultivation in unirrigated areas a high risk , less productive profession .
aspires towards ensuring equitable progress for girls and boys , rural and urban , rich and poor , and between districts and states
cracks and damage to a foundation can render a building uninhabitable .
scholarship of rs .1250/- per month for class xi to xii
This programme for the period 2018-2022 provides for exchanges between India and Jordan in the areas of music and dance ; theatre ; exhibition , seminars and conference ; archaeology ; archives , library , museum , literature , research and documentation ; Science museums ; festivals ; mass media , and ; youth programs .
over this one portion of coir pith is added and the same input mentioned above should be added .
in every state and district legal services authorities have been established
He said the aim is to improve “Ease of Living . ”
Mr . Lee sang Jik , President , Small and Medium Business Corporation
affirmative action
the scheme is applicable for all citizens of india ( age group of 18-60 years ) in the unorganized sector ,
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing and ratification of the Extradition Treaty between India and Malawi .
you should ensure that your dogs and cats are regularly vaccinated against rabies - it is a legal requirement .
The National Gas Grid or Pradhan Mantri Urja Ganga has also been created to have a gas based economy and enhance the share of gas in the energy basket .
He said that the aim is also to boost “Make in India ” by making metro rail coaches in India itself .
children are more likely to get pneumonia and other breathing illnesses if they live in an environment with smoke .
The Prime Minister said that the task of constructing toilets was undertaken in mission mode .
“Attack on CRPF personnel in Pulwama is despicable .
He will also dedicate to Nation the West- North Inter-Region Power Transmission Strengthening Project to ensure uninterrupted power supply to Western Uttar Pradesh .
1 . Approval for Extension of Delhi Metro corridor from Noida City Centre to Sector-62 , Noida , Uttar Pradesh covering a length of 6 .675 k .m .
My Philosophy has roots in religion and not in political science .
at the time of final disposal of application
624 MW Kiru Hydroelectric project and 850 Megawatt Ratle Hydro Electric project in Kishtwar inaugurated
The India Myanmar Friendship Bridge was also reviewed .
The month of October is a month to remember so many of our titans .
some of these items have been listed below  :
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people on National Voters Day .
It is not just the 21 years that Gandhiji spent in Africa , or the First Non- Cooperation Movement he led .
transfer of amount from one account to another
loss of appetite .
a 'rape ' charge under the section 375 indian penal code has two parts  :
the term correspondence includes distant and continuing education .
plenty of liquids is to be given
the message includes a toll-free-number that you call right away to deal with the situation .
Minister of Commerce and Industry ; and Minister of Civil Aviation .
parkinson 's disease is more common in older people and usually begins around the age of 50 .
He expressed confidence that the proposed railway project will contribute to the process of strengthening national and urban transport in Bangladesh .
thesis typing/printing charges upto a maximum of rs .1600 will be paid to research scholars on the recommendation of the head of the institution .
PM inaugurated four Rural Water Supply Schemes in Ramgarh and Hazaribagh districts .
in later stages of the disease , individuals have difficulty breathing as the muscles of the respiratory system weaken .
note 1  : the disabled students belonging to scheduled tribes covered under the scheme can also get such additional benefits from other schemes , which are not covered under the scheme .
affection , attention and stimulation
the scheme envisions a supportive institutional framework for women victims of difficult circumstances so that they could lead their life with dignity and conviction .
swallowing difficulties
a depositor may open and operate only one account in the name of a girl child under these rules .
handloom weavers
cradle to grave digital identity that is unique , lifelong , online and authenticable to every citizen .
A bumper harvest production has been our major achievement .
the students should be studying as regular student in government , local body and government-aided schools .
The projects are expected to immensely benefit the people of Uttar Pradesh .
The Prime Minister said that more than 1 .5 lakh suppliers have now registered with GeM , out of which 40 ,000 are MSMEs .
The Ujjwala scheme of the Government of India is a way to realize this dream .
energy efficiency services limited distributes light-emitting diode bulbs to households at 40 % of market price
a stroke occurs when the blood supply to part of brain is interrupted or severely reduced , depriving brain tissue of oxygen and food .
In the past 70 years , 70 lakh enterprises were included in the Indirect tax net .
once entered can not be changed , so please be careful while filling the details .
Children will listen more to Anganwadi workers .
India has climbed 30 places in the World Bank Ease of Doing Business Index this year .
the provisions provide for placing children in a ‘ place of safety ’ both during and after the trial till they attain the age of 21 years after which an evaluation of the child shall be conducted by the children ’ s court .
mutton egg , butter , curds and food prepared with oil should be avoided .
stakeholders involved
battery-powered lighting is the safest and easiest to use , and it does not present a fire hazard for the user , occupants , or building .
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) on Cooperation in the field of Medicinal Plants between India and Equatorial Guinea
nervous system effects  :
personal hygiene are the applications that people perform , to protect their health and keep their life healthy .
This will provide a stimulus for further development of IFSCs in India and enable bringing back of financial services and transactions that are currently carried out in offshore financial centres to India .
care
organising combined tableau and participation of parade contingents of partner states on ceremonial occasions .
Prime Minister has also paid tributes to former President Dr . Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan on his Jayanti .
the following are the broad objectives of the hospital management committee  :
the educational institute must be government/government recognized institute .
if device is lost or stolen , the entire corporate intranet could be threatened if those devices are not protected by password and other user level security measures
He added that despite all the difficulties , a dedicated team of people worked hard to ensure that the dream of electrifying every village is achieved .
only indian nationals will be eligible for scholarships . scholarship under the scheme will be awarded by the ministry of social justice & empowerment , department of empowerment of persons with disability , government of india .
withdrawals through slips/cheques accompanied by card and passbook .
Recent governance initiatives such as Gram Swaraj Abhiyan , and Ayushman Bharat , also came up for discussion .
extend full cooperation to local authorities and obey their instructions completely -- be it for taking medication , evacuation , etc .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that 125 crore Indians are his family and he is committed to working for their welfare .
strategies to be followed
In this context he mentioned modern machines , loans at low interest , and the Trade Facilitation Centre in Varanasi .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has given its approval for incurring an expenditure of Rs .3639 .32 core for the 13 new Central Universities for recurring cost and creation of necessary infrastructure for completion of the campuses .
copy of payroll register ( with designation ) of workers of the unit
He became a Minister in Tamil Nadu Government in 1967 and then rose to become the Chief Minister of the State for the first time in 1969 .
these changes can be stressful .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , visited Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh .
difficulty in breathing and breastfeeding
have positive social skills
rs . 35/- per annum , with 12 free subscriber contributions per financial year .
day scholars
the position with regard to parsis and the muslims is the same .
families and caregivers can help prevent tuberculosis if they ensure that children  :
in cases where the mother makes an application to the court for herself , the children can also be added as co-applicants .
the aggregators may also choose to invest the contributions through all the three retirement solutions limited as per central govt . scheme in the same manner as for government employees .
the patient looses the ability to walk or stand and needs constant care and help .
post your suggestion
The Prime Minister said that out of 100 airports in the country today , 35 have been operationalized in the last four years .
cannabilism and feather picking
It is expected to become a significant landmark of Itanagar .
passport seva laghu kendras has to decide on the appeal within 30 days from the date of receipt of first appeal .
The sanctioned cost of the project is Rs . 244 Cr under Smart City Mission .
it provides for old age pension-enabled and smart–card-based cashless healthy insurance , including maternity benefit cover up to rs . 30 ,000/- per annum on a family floater basis to below poverty line families ( a unit of five ) and 11 occupational groups in the unorganized sector .
under certification programme provision has been made for bulk inspection .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated state-of-the-art super speciality Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus hospital in Surat .
capacity development at all levels to effectively respond to multiple hazards and for community-based disaster management
Today , the entire country is celebrating Rakshabandhan .
fee structure
intervention packages in descending order of impact on neonatal mortality
He set five challenges before the PSEs , for New India :
Prime Minister assured her of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging her new responsibilities .
available on mobile , internet
hazardous processes
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has recalled the courage and compassion of Lord Christ on Good Friday .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has paid tributes to Sri Ramakrishna Paramhansa on his birth anniversary .
no regulations shall be made unless the governor , in case a tribes advisory council exists , consults such tribes advisory council
documentation
therefore , the impact can also be widespread , including temporary relocation of people , damage to civic amenities , deterioration of water quality and risk of epidemics .
drinks should be given from a clean cup .
adolescent girls and young women , married or unmarried , need special help to delay pregnancy .
Addressing the House , PM said it is almost after three decades the country saw a full majority government .
the number of germs can easily increase to 17 million in just 8 hours .
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed towards ensuring the safety of its security forces .
the buildings will be designed as earthquake resilient and will be fitted with basic fire safety equipments .
the state governments/union territory administrations are , thus , themselves competent to decide the appropriate grouping of courses at their level .
homes and small buildings located in low-lying coastal areas are not designed to withstand tsunami impacts .
ageing
applications complete in all respect are to be furnished in a single lot .
the portal will be operative in 4 central organizations namely chief labour commissioner , directorate general of mines safety , employee provident fund and employees ’ state insurance corporation .
one having highest circulation in the state and two having highest circulation in the district where the location is situated .
to support the body with sufficient calories , its advisable to take glucose , health drinks , fruit juices etc
the hyogo framework for action 2005-2015  ;
social development  :
focus on gender critical districts and cities low on districts for intensive & integrated action .
in the case of the textile ( apparel ) sector , the employers are also eligible to get the 3 .67 % employees ' provident fund contribution paid by the government as mentioned in the government on line form .
computerized tomography of the head
Prime Minister Modi received the Prime Minister of Bangladesh , Sheikh Hasina , at Santiniketan .
you can be a calm , relaxed person and still have blood pressure .
He reiterated the Union Government’s commitment to provide universal coverage of seven key schemes to 45 ,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts , by August 15th , 2018 .
Women SHGs aided by Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana – NRLM , Uttar Pradesh will hand over a cheque to the Prime Minister for contribution in ‘Bharat Ke Veer’ Fund .
with the passage of time awareness about its usage for energy applications increased and up to 2013 - 14 around 90 % of by - product hydrogen was utilized for production of chemicals and captive ( mainly energy ) applications .
the grant shall be subject to a ceiling of rs .1 ,33 ,000/- per resident .
there are side effects like weakness in the hand .
all of these foods are safe to eat during pregnancy and while breastfeeding .
the compost material should be always wet .
encouraging improved agronomic practices for higher farm productivity ,
it enables government departments and agencies to capture citizens ’ feedback related to e-governance services .
switch off the current and remove the plug before treating casualty
From Dwarka , the Prime Minister will arrive in Chotila , in Surendranagar district .
you should submit your application to that “ banking ombudsman  ” under which jurisdiction your state or bank comes
On agriculture , the Prime Minister said that corporate investment in this sector is very low in India .
guardianship
the account may be opened by the natural or legal guardian in the name of a girl child from the birth of the girl child till she attains the age of ten years and any girl child , who had attained the age of ten years , one year prior to the commencement of these rules , shall also be eligible for opening of the account under these rules .
The Prime Minister stressed on the need to work towards concrete objectives to reduce stunting , under-nutrition , low birth weight , and anaemia .
providing for a system of non-financial incentives for improvement in safety and health .
the ministry of new and renewable energy through state nodal agency will provide rs 300 per trainee for 30 trainees for 90 days which amounts to rs 8 .10 lakhs .
the risks of childbearing for the mother and her baby can be greatly reduced if  :
national policy on children ( 2013 )
In his address , the Prime Minister underlined the importance of Participative Governance to the participants of the Smart India Hackathon-2018 .
within 30 days from your complaint ,
if a mother gives birth in a hospital or clinic , she is entitled to have her baby near her , 24 hours a day .
while under the influence of alcohol or other substances people do things that they would not normally do , such as  : driving dangerously , being verbally or physically violent , or having unprotected sexual activity .
the performance will be monitored using key indicators thus making the evaluation process objective .
feeding the baby with infant formula ( breast milk substitutes ) should be considered only if it is acceptable , affordable , feasible , sustainable and safe for the mother and child .
Prime Minister expressed his happiness as he inaugurated the super speciality blocks at three Government Medical Colleges .
review flood safety and preparedness measures with your family .
persons resident in india as defined under foreign exchange management act , 1999 are eligible to invest in sovereign gold bond scheme .
non-payment of other bills such as electricity , etc .
people who join the scheme before completing 50 years can , however , continue to have the risk of life cover up to the age of 55 years subject to payment of premium .
children and adults can swallow germs that cause diarrhoea if faeces come in contact with drinking water , food , hands , utensils or food preparation surfaces .
promotion of medicinal and herbal plantations in wastelands
He will also address a public gathering .
the central government departments and central public sector undertakings will ensure that transactions fee/ charges associated with payment through digital means shall not be passed on to the consumers and all such expenses shall be borne by them .
kerala , copyright infringement is cognizable and non-bailable .
The Union Government has devoted significant efforts to enhance connectivity all over the nation , the Prime Minister added .
CO2 equivalent ( Gg )
india has approximately 1 % of world ’ s energy resources but it has 16 % of world population .
it lays down the procedure to be followed by the police , the magistrate ( or judge ) in cases of sexual crimes against children .
periodic inspection of wells , piping and tanks to ensure that water supplied is clean .
if bank is unable to redress the grievances of customer or customer is not satisfied with bank ’ s response , in that case they have right to submit appeal application before banking ombudsman .
identity theft means impersonating a real person .
adolescence is a time of enormous change in one ’ s life .
and to check the foetal lie ( foetal position ) and foetal presentation ( whether head or bottom first ) .
please enter the email address of the recipient in the dialog box and click ‘ share ’ button .
each time you or your child takes an antibiotic , the bacteria that normally live in your body ( on the skin , in the intestine , in the mouth and nose , etc . ) are more likely to become resistant to antibiotics .
It is understood that some of the member banks ( like CDB and VEB ; CDB and BNDES ) have entered into bilateral agreements for local currency financing under the Master Agreement signed in 2012 .
transactions possible are balance , enquiry , cash deposit , cash withdrawal , paying bills , remitting funds to other aadhaar holder .
the mode of payment of pension can be monthly , quarterly , half-yearly or yearly .
At a separate event , the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh , Shri Yogi Adityanath , will release a book titled “Meri Kashi , ” in the presence of the Prime Minister .
The Prime Minister said that we are born after 1947 and thus , we did not have the honour to take part in the freedom struggle .
He said that during the recent Gram Swaraj Abhiyan from 14th April , seven key schemes of the Government were implemented fully in over 16000 villages .
watershed management programmes in india
some are involved in thinking , learning and remembering .
trainers are requested to give sufficient home works to the participants during the weekend .
it is being implemented with the objective of reducing maternal and infant mortality by promoting institutional delivery among pregnant women .
iii . The Central Council will comprise 47 members , of which 14 members shall be ex-officio representing diverse and related roles and functions andremaining 33 shall be non-ex-officio members who mainly represent the 15professional categories .
collection and processing of minor forest products .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) signed among the BRICS Nations on Environmental Cooperation .
while filing form 6 online , the copies of necessary documents should also be uploaded .
To create awareness amongst the general public regarding the role and functions of CISF , Prime Minister suggested the idea of starting digital museums at airports and metros , showcasing the work of CISF .
how can i share the e-documents in my digital locker  ?
by establishing research priorities as per national requirements  ; exploring partnerships and improving communications with various national and international research bodies  ;
enhanced user interface  : single-screen checkout
the practice of self - feeding concentrates to young piglets in a separate enclosure away from their mother is known a s creep feeding .
if a student is found to have obtained a scholarship by false statement his/her scholarship will be cancelled forthwith and the amount of the scholarship paid will be recovered , at the discretion of the concerned state government .
I am happy to note that the BRICS Business Council also has matching priorities of trade & investment facilitation , promoting skills development , infrastructure development , SME Development , e-commerce and digital economy .
Over 110 Officer Trainees of the 2016 batch of the Indian Police Service , today called on the Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi .
this exercise would be completed at least one month before retirement and the result uploaded on the concerned departmental website .
Digital Launch of various projects under Rashtriya Uchchatar Shiksha Abhiyan ( RUSA ) by the press of button by PM was another attraction .
name of nominee to be given in the form .
send and receive emails ,
2 cups of brown rice , 1 cup sambar , 1 cup rasam ,1 cup of brinjal  ; pulusu , fresh chutney prepared with vegetables and less oil .
universal digital literacy .
PM will address the gathering
He inaugurated the Integrated Command and Control Centre at Naya Raipur Smart City .
Ms . Rakiya Edderham conveyed greetings of His Majesty the King of Morocco to the Prime Minister .
to do so the govt . department has to register themselves on the portal .
a pregnant woman should not take medicines during pregnancy unless they are absolutely necessary and prescribed by a trained health worker .
To further enhance the scope , coverage and outreach of the Scheme , the Cabinet has approved the following :
The movement is a part of ongoing activities under the aegis of the Swachh Bharat Mission , launched on October 2nd , 2014 , by the Prime MinisterNarendra Modiaimed at achieving a Clean and Open Defecation Free ( ODF ) India by 2nd October , 2019 .
typing/printing charges for preparing project reports/thesis
mention the information that you want from concerned department .
The National Salt Satyagraha Memorial , dedicated to the nation by the Prime Minister on January 30 , 2019 , recreates the spirit and the energy of one of the defining moments of India’s freedom struggle .
commission will be paid only for successfully seeded requests
rape involving violent circumstances ( during communal violence , causing grievous hurt/ disfiguration/ endangering victim 's life , repeatedly raping same victim ) .
sometimes mothers are advised not to feed colostrum to their babies .
only in the case where both the parents ( and husband in the case of married but unemployed girl student ) have died , the income of the guardian who is supporting the student in his/her studies will have to be taken into consideration .
fire is the most frequent hazard following floods .
He said the State is working on a “One District , One Product ” scheme .
the packages of practices for fish-cum-pig , fish-cum-duck and fish-cum-poultry farming have been developed and verified extensively for economic viability and feasibility at the farmers level .
He said today India is among the fastest growing economies in the world .
He also reviewed the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Aushadhi Pariyojana .
the trained officers visited various parts of the country to recover missing children in connection with various firs lodged at police stations in ghaziabad
The Prime Minister said that in the last four years , India has witnessed unparalleled transformation .
activities for honouring village elders , local role models especially women , freedom fighters and martyrs
minors under the age of 16 years , persons addicted to alcohol or other drugs which lead to behavioral changes , and those convicted of any offence are entitled to admission , treatment and care in separate psychiatric hospitals or nursing homes established or maintained by the government .
unnat jyoti programme
The Prime Minister said that an unclean environment , if not cleaned , leads to a situation where one starts accepting circumstances .
steps for registration  :
switch off the ignition at traffic red lights
you can set your personal identification number by going to main menu -bank accounts
the portal provides information about all these topics .
foundation seed
RBI , SEBI , IRDAI , and PFRDA etc . ) under the respective Acts shall be solely exercised by the Authority in the IFSCs in so far as the regulation of financial products , financial services and FIs that are permitted in the IFSC are concerned .
“Well done Aanchal Thakur for winning an international medal in skiing!
to ensure the preparation of agriculture plans for the districts and states
the child has had a cough for more than three weeks
The Prime Minister said that 1 .5 lakh Health and Wellness Centres are being constructed under Ayushman Bharat .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Uzbekistan for establishment of the Uzbek-Indian Free Pharmaceutical Zone in the Andijan Region of Uzbekistan .
Even for cargo movement to long distances , we have started working on national water-way systems .
fees
5000 kg piped natural gas in cylinders ( gramin vitrak )
Before arriving in Bhilai , the Prime Minister will visit Naya Raipur Smart City , where he will inaugurate the Integrated Command and Control Centre for the city .
national cyber security co-ordination centre would be set up to ensure safe and secure cyber-space within the country .
ideally a new mother should visit a health facility for her first postpartum visit , or be visited by a health worker at home , within 7 -10 days of delivery .
the scheme has further been expanded to 61 additional districts selected from 11 states/ut having districts below 918 .
We are switching sources of fuel where possible .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Manipur on 16 March , 2018 .
addressing the long-term and short-term skilling needs through revamp of existing institutional training framework and establishing new institutions
transaction flows
viii ) Any other area of mutual interest .
objective
Package of twelve services including free universal screening for common NCDs .
ensure education of the girl child
mareks disease vaccine
service voters deemed to be ordinarily resident at their home address .
but the advantage with wheat or roti is that it is quite convenient to count as well as to reduce the number of chapathis they eat , than to measure rice and eat .
the soil sample will be tested as per the approved standards for all the agreed 12 parameters in the following way  :
who is a “ child  ”  ?
3 .07 lakh Gramin Dak Sevaks will be benefitted by this wage revision .
vegetables  ; contain fibre and many vitamins and minerals which are helpful in control of diabetes and to maintain good health .
requests can also be considered directly by the central government for granting assistance from central quota .
these children represent approximately 68 % of children in this age-group and approximately 28 % of the number of children estimated to be at-risk of soil transmitted helminths infections globally .
if address has changed , then a self certification of current address is sufficient .
tips for action
The Prime Minister said a lot of emphasis has been placed on affordable housing , real estate sector , skill development , and housing technology .
The Prime Minister mentioned projects such as the Bansagar Dam in Uttar Pradesh , and the Mandal Dam in Jharkhand , which have seen huge cost escalations , as they have been delayed for decades .
do not use feeding bottles or teats , because they may contain germs that cause diarrhoea .
the card will contain an advisory based on the soil nutrient status of a farmer ’ s holding .
candidates with electrician certificate and experience shall also be preferred .
if you click on a link in the message , you 're taken to a website that looks legitimate but could be run by criminals trying to trick you to sign in with your username and password so they can capture that information .
generate mobile money identifier
my certificates  :
brain infections , such as meningitis .
enables identification for every resident indian
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had laid the foundation stone of the memorial on March 21 , 2016 .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Russia on Joint Activities under Human Spaceflight Programme .
it 's important that the person is breathing freely .
available to people in the age group of 18 to 50 and having a bank account .
At Rajaji Medical College , Madurai the project involves construction of 320 bedded Super Speciality Block ( including 50 ICU beds ) having 7 departments , viz .
He said that Ayushman Bharat scheme rolled out by the Union Government will ensure affordable and quality healthcare for the poor .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved , in partial modification of the earlier decision taken on 16 .05 .2018 , the establishment of National Institute of Mental Health Rehabilitation ( NIMHR ) in Sehore District ( Bhopal-Sehore highway ) instead of Bhopal in Madhya Pradesh .
health workers should be technically competent and sensitive to cultural practices and should treat all women , including adolescent girls , with respect .
the government had launched the scheme with effect from 1st june , 2015 .
( MPMRCL ) has been constituted for implementation of the Project .
girls who stay in school are more likely to delay marriage and childbirth .
severe cyclonic storm
immunization only works if given before the disease strikes .
cuts and abrasions
On February 19th , the Prime Minister will address via Video Conference , the World Conference on Information Technology , being held at Hyderabad .
heat wave conditions can result in physiological strain , which could even result in death .
self-declaration attested by a gazetted officer
secure online service
participate in events and job fairs
for children of 2 years and upwards -  :
in the long term such a mass movement is expected to shift large sections of the consumer and producer sections which was hitherto in the informal sector to the formal fold of the economy .
Mohamed Aslam , Minister of National Planning and Infrastructure
certain drugs such as antipsychotics used to treat severe paranoia and schizophrenia can cause a person to experience symptoms that resemble parkinson 's disease .
And , Korean investments into India have reached a cumulative figure of almost 6 billion Dollars .
overall targets
the optimum diameter of the pipe will have minimum total cost i .e . the initial and the operational cost .
otherwise a call in real emergency could be blocked and a life will be lost .
It will also decongest the roads and provide an environment friendly mode of transport .
since then it has travelled across india eight times , traveling about 1 ,42 ,000 km and exhibiting at 455 locations .
these authorities direct operations during periods of increased readiness ( should a tsunami be expected ) , including the forced movement of vessels if deemed necessary .
a moist atmosphere can make breathing easier .
consent letter format available with distributor and to be submitted duly filled to the concerned piped natural gas distributor .
PM will dedicate to the nation Garjee – Belonia Railway Line through unveiling of plaque at Swami Vivekananda Stadium here .
quality mark scheme aims to
note  : compulsory non-refundable fee charged by recognized institutions against free and paid seats of recognized courses can be fully reimbursed as per the fee structure approved by the competent state/central government authority .
rate of scholarship ( in rs . per month ) payable for 10 months in an academic year .
interact frequently with the child
The PM noted that youngsters are ambassadors of social change .
further group ‘ c ’ and ‘ d ’ employees found medically unfit for the post he is holding and from which he is proposed to be discharged or has been discharged may , wherever practicable , be considered for another identical equivalent post for which he may be found suitable against direct recruitment quota without insisting on the condition of appointment through the employment exchange .
after october 1997
eyes must be kept clean and healthy .
“ sowa-rigpa  ” ( science of healing ) is one of the classic examples of it .
provide basic training to apprentices who have been sponsored by a employer after execution of contract with apprentice
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will inaugurate a stretch of the new Magenta line of the Delhi Metro on 25th December .
availability of adequate banking facilities through regular ( brick and mortar ) branches in the village or in close proximity , and through business correspondent/business facilitator model .
measles is even more serious when children are malnourished or living in conditions of poor sanitation .
in the guidelines , the word ‘ rural area ’ will have the definition of ‘ rural ’ as per census 2011 .
Leader of the Conservative Party of Canada and Leader of Her Majesty’s Loyal Opposition of Canada , Mr Andrew Scheer , called on the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today .
if food has to be kept for more than two hours , it should be kept either very hot or very cool .
the stocking rates vary from 8000-8500 fingerlings per hectare ( 100x100 ) and a species ratio of 40 % surface feeders , 20 % column feeders , 30 % bottom feeders and 10 % macro vegetation feeders is preferred for high fish yields .
a declaration in prescribed format given in annexure-1 made by either of his parents if the person is not educated till class 10 ( in those cases where parent himself for verification before  ; or booth level officer
He unveiled several Development Projects for Jharkhand .
objectives
the portal provides information related to these types of diseases .
switch off the hd set top box at the plug point when you turn off the tv
the most astonishing fact was that 78 per cent of all incoming emails are spam .
deen dayal upadhyaya provides funding support for placement linked skilling projects that address the market demand with funding support ranging from rs . 25 ,696 to over rs . 1 lakh per person , depending on the duration of the project and whether the project is residential or non-residential .
if the pregnancy has not exceeded 12 ( first trimester ) , only one doctor needs to be satisfied that the conditions have been fulfilled .
how can teachers help  ?
groundnut in shell
if necessary it can be made safer by the home-based water treatment methods referred to above .
in existing group iii courses
Mascot of the Vibrant Gujarat Ahmedabad Shopping Festival will be unveiled by the PM on this occasion .
in order to help push up the age of marriage of girls and space the birth of children in the interest of health of young mothers and infants , jansankhya sthirata kosh ( national population stabilization fund ) - an autonomous body of the mohfw , govt . of india has launched prerna , a responsible parenthood strategy in all districts of seven focus states namely bihar , uttar pradesh , madhya pradesh , chhattisgarh , jharkhand , odisha , and rajasthan .
the educational institute must be government/government recognized institute .
fund transfer using aadhaar number
this will also save the electricity .
the ducks can find natural food from the pond .
no supplementary feed is required for the fish culture , which normally accounts for 60 per cent of the total input cost in conventional fish culture .
there is a need to develop close involvement of social partners to meet the challenges ahead in the assessment and control of workplace risks by mobilising local resources and extending protection to such working population and vulnerable groups where social protection is not adequate .
each year in india , roughly 30 million women experience pregnancy and 26 million have a live birth .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Construction Technology India Event , 2019 event at Vigyan Bhavan today .
for your first visit to hospital , registration and appointment with doctor is made simpler
Necessary steps will be initiated by the Department of Economic Affairs , Ministry of Finance to acquire the membership of the EBRD .
before you begin an exercise program , consult your doctor .
easily digestible food such as rice gruel , sago gruel , barley water etc are preferable
during pregnancy and while breastfeeding , all women need more nutritious meals , increased quantities of food , more rest than usual , iron-folic acid or multiple micronutrient supplements , even if they are consuming fortified foods , and iodized salt to ensure the proper mental development of their babies .
organize educational tours for schools/universities students reciprocally .
explosives act 1884
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Turkey on trade in poppy seeds to ensure quick and transparent processing for import of poppy seeds from Turkey .
( jansankhya sthirata kosh will supply material relevant to the district on request ) .
there are four steps to take to limit the spread of cholera or diarrhoea  :
These are giving more flexibility to the states in utilization of NRDWP funds by reducing the number of components under the programme .
however , a lot of work has to be done in this field .
strength of associated winds ,
6 . Promotion of Indian Brands in Leather , Footwear and Accessories Sector sub-scheme : Under this sub-scheme , the eligible units approved for Brand Promotion are proposed to be assisted .
the overall goal of the project is to improve nutritional and early childhood development outcomes of children in india .
It remains a huge bottleneck .
the salient features are as follows .
our bodies require a certain amount of fluid intake on a daily basis to function  ;
food stock model techniques and development of technology for jojoba plantation in arid and semi arid areas through israeli collaboration .
once you purchase the fastag , you will need to submit the required documents ( proof of residence ) at the acquiring bank location to validate your residence within 10 km of a particular plaza .
the child marriage restraint act , 1929 as amended in 1978 to prevent the solemnization of child marriages also applies to the disabled .
this will be decided separately during the year .
strengthening institutional commitment to safe learning environment for children -
PM has directed Insurance Companies to hold special camps for assessment & timely release of compensation to the affected families/beneficiaries under Social Security Schemes .
pregnant women should not smoke or be exposed to smoke .
by providing practical guidance and encouraging employers and employees in their efforts to reduce the incidence of occupational safety and health risks at their places of employment and to impress upon employers and employees to institute new programmes and to improve existing programmes for providing safe and healthful working conditions , requiring employers to ensure that workers and their representatives are consulted , trained , informed and involved in all measures related to their safety and health at work  ;
treatment at government hospitals and nursing homes mentioned above can be obtained either as in patient or on an out-patients basis .
He said that the memorial underlines the vision of the government to accord maximum respect to people who played a vital role in nation building .
He also directed the road and surface transport ministry to take effective steps for the repair of roads damaged by the flood .
It will also promote sharing of knowledge and experiences in development and transfer of modern construction techniques and encourage R&D in the fields of housing development .
The MoU will strengthen the existing relationship between CSCM and UPSC .
if the person has been convicted more than once , the jail time can increase to five years and the fine to rupees ten lakh
according to section 2 of right to information act 2005 , `` right to information '' means the right to information accessible under this act which is held by or under the possession of any central or state public authority and that includes the right to  :
to address the agriculture and allied sectors in an integrated manner
in south africa , these most importantly include  : cats , cattle , bats and mongoose .
there may be some mild side effects like dizziness , nausea , headache , and vomiting , all likely due to the worms being passed through the child ’ s body .
a beneficiary family will comprise husband , wife , unmarried sons and/or unmarried daughters .
messages for adolescents on emotional well-being
if a woman can not breastfeed her infant , the baby can be fed expressed breastmilk or , if necessary , a quality breastmilk substitute from an ordinary clean cup .
the bonds can be bought by indian residents or entities and is capped at 500 grams .
moreover , the linking of community and facility-based care and strengthening referrals between various levels of health care system to create a continuous care pathway is also to be focussed .
cut down sugar , fatty foods and alcohol .
a child who is breathing rapidly or with difficulty might have pneumonia , an infection of the lungs .
a vehicle should be identified and ideally be kept ready to transport her to the nearest health facility or referral center in case she develops some complications that need immediate referral and care .
pregnant women with signs and symptoms of plasmodium falciparum malaria must be treated immediately by a trained health worker with quinine in the first trimester and rapid diagnostic test in the second and third trimesters .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi called Mr Ibrahim Mohamed Solih and congratulated him on his victory in the Presidential elections held in Maldives yesterday .
they can also make sure the mother has enough nutritious food and help with household tasks and caring for older children .
On 2 June , I will unveil a plaque at Clifford Pier , where Gandhiji’s ashes were immersed in sea on 27 March 1948 .
He will inaugurate the third annual meeting of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank ( AIIB ) , a multilateral development bank with a mission to improve social and economic outcomes in Asia and beyond .
auto debit of exact amount through the fastag enables faster transit through the toll plazas and saves time
blood-tinged exudates and serum clots are expelled from the trachea of affected birds .
the exotic upgraded stock of pigs such as large- white yorkshire , hampshire and landrace are most suitable for raising in comparison to the local indian variety since they are quick growers and prolific breeders .
framework/ modalities
if children defecate without using a toilet or latrine , their faeces should be cleaned up immediately and flushed down the toilet or put down the latrine or buried .
nuclear seed
if you do not have a serviceplus id , fill in the online registration form .
states implemented
teachers ' corner covers knowledge resources that would benefit the teachers .
the maximum rent admissible for a swadhar greh intended for 30 residents is rs . 50 ,000/- per month in grade ‘ a ’ cities , rs . 30 ,000/- per month in grade ‘ b ’ cities and rs . 18 ,000/- at other places .
adolescent girls and their babies are at much higher risk of complications and death .
the problem therefore needs to be tackled for mitigation and management for which hazard zones have to be identified and specific slides to be stabilized and managed in addition to monitoring and early warning systems to be placed at selected sites .
seedlings produced will be more vigourous , fast growing and can resist pest and disease incidence to certain extent
kotak mahindra pension fund limited
Prime Minister Narendra Modi attended 350th birth anniversary celebrations of Shri Guru Gobind Singh JiMaharaj in Patna on January 5 , 2017 .
use form no . 8 for this purpose
aam admi bima yojana
to know the magnitude of the problem , data with full details of number of cases of missing children will be maintained and shared at intra-state and inter-state level .
And , in this wonderful mosaic , there is an ancient thread , beautiful and colourful , that binds India and Singapore .
we can stop loss of life and prepare ourselves in the wake of landslides .
The Prime Minister said that India follows the philosophy of Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam – the world is one family .
dadra & nagar haveli and diu & daman - 13 ( included boat ambulances )
in case , there is no spare space in the educationally backward blocks compound or in the blocks where no educationally backward blocks has been sanctioned , the hostel may be constructed in the compound of a secondary/ higher secondary school selected by the state government .
a number of personally identifiable information of the customer like his/her name , mobile phone number and his/her protected personal information like customer card numbers , secret , net banking credentials etc is permanently stored in e-wallets , requiring just final authorization from the user through means like biometrics authentication , one-time passwords etc .
the deworming treatment has very few side effects .
under this scheme , the central government shall bear the entire fees of the facilitators for any number of patents , trademarks or designs that a startup may file , and the startups shall bear the cost of only the statutory fees payable .
• incentivizing States/UTs for meeting the targets
fuel
Among the projects inaugurated are the Varanasi City Gas Distribution Project , and the Varanasi-Ballia MEMU train .
students who are pursuing two different courses of study simultaneously can avail the scholarship for any one course only provided pursuance of such courses are permissible under the rules/regulations of the educational authority concerned .
the scheme is then funded entirely by the central government .
if no reply is received , visit the web-site of the govt . dept /office /undertaking and refer right to information section for these details .
continue the general treatment for burns .
The Prime Minister will dedicate to the nation , the Deendayal Hastkala Sankul – a trade facilitation centre for handicrafts – at Bada Lalpur .
a child who has a prolonged cough that persists for more than three weeks needs immediate medical attention .
The ASRB will now be a 4 Member body instead of 3 Members .
U .S Secretary of State Mr . Michael Pompeo and U .S Secretary of Defence Mr . James Mattis , called on the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , today .
The MoU was signed on 16thApril 2018 .
alzheimer ’ s gets worse over time , and it is fatal .
repeat offenders
1 ) the information she needs to make an informed decision
an average every year , 75 lakh hectares of land is affected , 1600 lives are lost and the damage caused to crops , houses and public utilities is rs .1805 crores due to floods .
if you 're on the bed , stay there and cover your face with a pillow , else move to a nearest safe place till the earthquake stops .
a persistent lack of energy  ;
He also flagged off the second passenger train from Tatanagar to Badampahar .
programme management , preparation of state/district irrigation plan , approval of annual action plan , monitoring etc .
By making access to credit easier for MSMEs , ease of doing business is also being ensured .
appointment availability status
Together the UK and India are a forcefor good in an uncertain world .
The U5MR annual rate of decline during 2015-16 was 9 .3% ;
to give effect to the strategic interventions , the ministry of home affairs decided to put in place the `` national cyclone risk mitigation project '' .
piped natural gas distributor would require a storage godown duly approved and licensed by chief controller of explosives of petroleum and explosives safety organisation ( peso ) for storage of
one copy of the passport size photograph with signatures of the student thereon ( for fresh scholarship ) .
both have the same need for affection , attention and approval .
Prime Minister said , “Congratulations Mary Kom for clinching the gold at the ASBC Asian Confederation Women’s Boxing Championships .
He also launched Gram Samvaad – a citizen centric mobile app to serve and empower the rural citizens of India , by facilitating single window access for citizens to information at Gram Panchayat level , on various Rural Development programs .
marek ’ s
it helps children  :
here are some of the situations that you may find yourself in  :
Expressing happiness in dedicating the National Police Memorial , Prime Minister said that the Central Sculpture of the memorial represents capability , courage and service orientation of the police forces .
These projects are spread over several states including Andhra Pradesh , Assam , Gujarat , Delhi , Haryana , Tamil Nadu , Odisha , Karnataka , Punjab , Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand .
mahila e-haat
Mr . Le Drian briefed the Prime Minister on recent developments in the bilateral relationship , and French perspective on regional and global issues .
“Dictionary of Martyrs : India’s Freedom Struggle ( 1857-1947 ) ” , Volume 1 , Parts I & II .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has , in principle , approved the inclusion of the communities , namely , ‘Parivara and Talawara’ as synonym of “Nayaka’ at SI .
Gen . Wei Fenghe , State Councillor and Defence Minister of China , called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
malware is software designed to damage and take control of your computer .
It will also provide incentive for those farmers whose recovery from sugarcane will be higher than 9 .5% .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the implementation of Indore Metro Rail Project comprising Ring Line of length 31 .55 Km from Bengali Square – Vijay Nagar – Bhawarsala – Airport – Patasia – Bengali Square which will connect major public nodes and city cluster areas of Indore .
applicants already availed scholarship under prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme .
hair loss can range from mild hair thinning to total baldness .
area covered
the controller general of patent , trademark and design shall regulate conduct and functions of empanelled facilitators from time to time .
In Thiruvananthapuram , PM Shri Narendra Modi will visit the Padmanabhaswamy Temple .
adolescent and pre-adolescent girls need to be informed about the significance of menstruation in relation to reproduction and the importance of menstrual hygiene .
nutrition
but this is grossly inadequate for supplying skilled manpower to indian industry .
He added that Mahatma Gandhi always highlighted the importance of villages and spoke about ‘Gram Swaraj’ .
how cyclones are formed
establishment must have a valid bank account , the details of which are to be entered and through which payments may be made to the establishment .
burning fossil fuels cause great amount of environmental pollution .
He said fertiliser plants which had stopped working are in the process of being revived .
payment of cost of basic training to basic training provider
The MoU aims to create an effective framework for bilateral cooperation in the field of Road Transportation , Roads/Highways infrastructure development , management and administration , Road safety and Intelligent Transport Systems between both countries .
take a shower , using soap , to remove oils that may block pores preventing the body from cooling naturally .
130 crore Indian will give a befitting reply to any such act or attack .
He said that this is also the result of breaking silos within the working of the Government .
indian classical dance/ dance music
advice for parents and caregivers  :
The project comprises a 182 metre tall statue , an exhibition hall , a memorial garden , and a Visitor Centre .
good quality seeds of improved varieties ensures higher yield atleast 10 – 12 %
The Sides also recognized with satisfaction the collaboration between the Department of Science and Technology of India and the Russian Science Foundation .
Speaking of initiatives that benefit the people , the Prime Minister said that doing something on a small scale is not acceptable to the Union Government .
to promote cultivation in rice fallow area to increase cropping intensity and income of the farmers  ;
In the Past , he has delivered Inaugural Address at 105th Edition of ISC in 2018 , 104th Edition in 2017 , 103rd Edition in 2016 and 102nd Edition in 2015 .
The Prime Minister watched the Ramleela organized by the Lav-Kush Ramleela committee .
has blood in the stool
any other mode of payment of scholarships as decided by government may be applicable in future .
applicants availing benefit of other scholarship scheme/getting stipend and financial assistance .
point to point encryption could be used to address the issue of encrypting data in memory .
• The age of superannuation of doctors of Central Health Service was enhanced to 65 years w .e .f 31st May , 2016 .
the number of members of the council , the mode of their appointment and the appointment of the chairman of the council and of the officers and servants thereof ,
a national landslide risk mitigation project approved by the planning commission is being run at the national remote sensing center
• Jointly promote activities to raise awareness and the overall visibility of the ICAI/ ICPAK strategic partnership and the collaboration outlined in this MoU with members .
coconut dry ,
The Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana has been launched to ensure that no farm goes without water .
canavan disease is an inherited condition that affects the breakdown and use ( metabolism ) of aspartic acid .
in a trade decided by employer with a duration of minimum 500 hrs . as basic training component and a one year practical content for on-the-job component , designed by employer and uploaded on the apprenticeship portal .
it is a dedicated campaign for a month where several activities are taken up by the state police personnel to trace and rescue the missing children and reunite them with their families .
eligibility
builds on existing commitments under the national health mission and 'call to action ' for child survival and development
yes , it is legal .
promotion of public private partnerships for achieving public health goals .
potential energy is any form of energy that has stored potential that can be put to future use .
ration card
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi had approved setting up of AIIMS at Thoppur in Madurai on 17 .12 .2018 .
share pictures and videos cautiously even with known persons as it can easily be spread much further
bharatnet is a project of national importance to establish , by 2017 , a highly scalable network infrastructure accessible on a non-discriminatory basis , to provide on demand ,
moistened towels and clean dry cloth pieces .
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in resolution of grievances related to the telecommunications sector .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has welcomed and conveyed best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup .
own a plot of land of minimum dimensions for construction of piped natural gas godown or own a ready piped natural gas cylinder storage godown as on the last date for submission of application .
school administration
even if the woman decides to deliver at home ,
exclusive breastfeeding on demand for the first six months , timely introduction of safe and nutritious foods at the age of 6 months and continued breastfeeding for two years or beyond provide the child with optimal nutrition and health benefits .
MMTC has been supplying iron ore to JSMs since 1963 and to South Korea since 1973 .
Interacting with the employees of various Electronic Manufacturing Units , Prime Minister said that India has gone a long way in Electronics Hardware Manufacturing in the last 4 years .
the local authorities need to build an adequate number of sanitary latrines for the community in their respective areas within 3 years .
the section covers polices , institutions , acts and legal aspects related to the scheduled caste welfare .
select the district name .
a mother has the right to a period of rest when her child is born , means to support herself and her family , and a guarantee that she can return to work when her leave is finished .
28 . The two sides agreed to set up a Joint Working Group on Skill Development to identify areas of cooperation , where the two countries can benefit from each other’s core competencies in important fields such as manufacturing , information technology , communications , and programming .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi today dedicated to the nation , the electrification of railway line between Mysuru and KSR Bengaluru .
symptoms of tremor , in coordination and paralysis and occasionally peracute death without any signs may also be observed .
The scheme will provide health assurance cover of upto Rs . 5 lakh per family .
PM also emphasized the importance of preventive health care and said the world has recognized the role of Yoga for wellness .
whether women work in the formal or informal economy , it is important that protective measures are put in place in communities , with support from the government and civil society , to safeguard the health and economic security of women , children and families .
users can track the status of their registration online using the registration/reference number .
tips for to avoid phishing attacks
do not panic , evacuate calmly and quickly perpendicular to wind direction through the designated escape route
major factors include  :
Procedures for obtaining clearances from various agencies have been simplified .
At a public meeting , the Prime Minister unveiled a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of the Rail Coach Refurbishing Karkhana , Sonepat .
the waste material is to take a handful of composting material and put in between the palms and squeeze it
ground nut cake
The Environmental Monitoring System and Disaster Management modules will give real time information to Citizens and Government .
give consistent love and affection
the investment choice shall remain uniform across all subscribers under one particular aggregator .
enter 6 for know your mobile money identifier and submit .
The Prime Minister said that in the last two months , the Gram Swaraj Abhiyan has had a very positive effect .
President Solih also briefed Prime Minister Modi on the dire economic situation facing the country as he takes office .
The Republic of India was represented by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi .
turn off utilities at the main switches or valves if instructed to do so .
the optimization of using the energy resources in the region for mutual benefits on non-discriminatory basis subject to laws , rules and regulations of the respective Parties ;
she is in no position to indicate whether she agreed or not - for example , if she is unconscious .
to provide accessible ,
provide simple rules and set reasonable expectations
by growing fruits and vegetables on pond bunds , a farmer ’ s family not only can meet its daily requirements of fruits and vegetables but can also earn additional income .
promote access to improved healthcare at household level through the female health activist .
immediate payment service is real-time remittance service available anytime , anywhere across india .
The Prime Minister said that working closely with Chandra Shekhar ji , Harivansh ji knew in advance that Chandra Shekhar ji would resign .
withdrawal/exit
characteristics of good quality seed
jagdish started communicating with the applicant on e-mail .
excessive alcohol intake and
national policy instruments
faculty recruitment support , faculty improvements programmes and leadership development of educational administrators are also an important part of the scheme .
PM said ,  ” Deeply sad on demise of great poet- writer Kedarnath Singh .
This sector needed more safeguarding of their interests and the Budget for New India has done so .
does customer need to have a bank account or this can be linked to a card or wallet  ?
she should be immunized according to this schedule  :
subarachnoid hemorrhage
That concludes my question thank you .
therefore , it is recommended that the baby receives breastmilk alone for the first six months , unless it is acceptable , feasible , affordable , sustainable and safe to give breastmilk substitutes ( infant formula ) exclusively .
He said Vajpayee ji showed how to take everyone together in decision making .
scholarship for studying in any class will be available for only one year .
expanding the hospital building , in consultation with and subject to any guidelines that may be laid down by the state government  ;
it may have notes for treatment , but it is also important for your doctor to see it
if the scholar is found to have obtained a scholarship by false statements .
the details are given below  :
will the farmer get a card every year and for every crop  ?
provide extra support for breastfeeding , including expressing milk and cup feeding
the guidelines urge structural mitigation to roll out the pending construction standards entitled ‘ criteria for tsunami-resistant design of structures ’ .
during the selection of trainees , special emphasis to be given to the persons coming from rural background , unemployed youth , women , sc/st candidates .
pedagogy ,
one to five years ( depending upon the duration of the course being pursued by the applicant and as approved by the respective regulatory body ) .
when to file online complaint to central information commission  ?
a child with diarrhoea should receive oral rehydration salts solution and a daily zinc supplement for 10–14 days .
reassure the casualty , lie him down and encourage him to stay still and quiet
providing a system of incentives to employers and employees to achieve higher health and safety standards .
mobile application
The Prime Minister said that Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan was never interested in power politics , and fought corruption .
when should oral rehydration salts be used  ?
industrial fire hazards
The Sides agreed to further intensify cooperation in the field of exploration and use of outer space for peaceful purposes , including human spaceflight programmes , scientific projects , as well as agreed to continue developing cooperation on BRICS remote sensing satellite constellation .
if you are not satisfied with the decision of the banking ombudsman , you may approach the appellate authority against the ombudsman ’ s decision – the deputy governor , reserve bank of india .
almost every mother can successfully breastfeed and produce enough milk when  :
U Htun Ohn , Permanent Secretary , Ministry of Religious Affairs and Culture
some people who have a stroke may have pain , numbness or other strange sensations in parts of their bodies affected by stroke .
the award will be discontinued if a student fails to secure annual promotion except in case of unavoidable reasons to be certified by the competent authority of the scheme .
it also can be permanent .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Viswanathan Anand on winning World Rapid Chess Championship .
This has together contributed about 75 billion US dollars in revenue .
•Successful models of agricultural marketing ,
Development Projects worth Rs . 2900 Crore for Agra Inaugurated
verify yourself using aadhaar number
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Morocco on India-Morocco Cooperation in Renewable Energy .
never turn on ceiling fixtures if ceiling is wet .
the applicant must have passed the last qualifying examination in first attempt .
Addressing the gathering , Prime Minister said that the work for setting up City Gas Distribution network has started in 129 districts , under the 9th round of CGD bidding .
To conduct joint research and to establish an International Center named as “DBT-AISTInternational CENter for Translational & Environmental Research ( DAICENTER ) ” at AIST , Japan in order to promote science and technology in both the institutions and countries .
choosing the same password for each of your online accounts is like using the same key to lock your home , car and office – if a criminal gains access to one , all of them are compromised .
your child probably knows about the blue whale challenge because of the media frenzy around this issue .
every pregnancy necessitates preparation for a possible emergency .
income certificate issued by the revenue authority
to get the list of districts , click here .
for residents not having aadhaar it is suggested that they get themselves enroled to get an aadhaar .
india newborn action plan – national targets
emergency situation
keep the affected area in warm water ( around 40oc temperature ) .
know your labour identification number .
strong consumerism in the domestic market .
the showroom should be easily accessible to general public through a suitable approach road .
The Prime Minister interacted with District Magistrates of aspirational districts .
some vaccines require multiple doses for full protection .
to request a person verification
complaint application can be submitted to bank in hard copy or online
newborns benefit from colostrum .
Guru Nanak Dev Ji’s 550th Prakash Parv will be celebrated in a similar manner in all the countries of the world as well .
He also mentioned the achievements of the “Make in India ” initiative .
integrated fish cum duck farming
It is estimated that around 1 to 1 .5 lakh knee operations happen in India every year .
vehicular transportation
user logs in to his bank ’ s application
the pharma jan samadhan initiative is part of government of india 's digital india initiative , which aims at empowering the citizen through a transparent , accountable and responsive governance system .
the area should be watched carefully for signs of damaged nerves or tendons .
consequently , flooding occurs very quickly due to faster flow times ( in a matter of minutes ) .
enter post retirement work assignments - remember you can negotiate for a better salary and dont tell prospective employers , `` money is not important ''
The Prime Minister said that this bridge had been a dream for the people of this region for generations , and is now a reality .
availability of tutorials , videos , and study material
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister noted that the Assistant Secretaries programme offers the junior-most and senior-most officers the opportunity to interact with each other .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today dedicated to the nation , the Deendayal Hastkala Sankul – a trade facilitation centre for handicrafts – at Varanasi .
national health mission seeks to provide effective health care to the population , the disadvantaged groups including women and children by improving access , enabling community ownership strengthening public health systems for efficient service delivery , enhancing equity and accountability and promoting decentralization .
the baby is relaxed , happy and suckling .
· BRICS Sports Council of Ministers Meeting
it is important for the parents or other caregiver to keep the immunization card and bring it with them the next time the child is vaccinated .
disabled persons are exempted from payment of application and examination fee prescribed for the recruitment of clerical posts and other cadres in public sector banks and financial institutions .
fresh ones or dried powder with water
Karnataka Government had recommended for inclusion of “Parivara’ and Talawara’ communities as synonyms of ‘Nayaka’ appearing at SI .
under strong dining table , bed
Public participation always helps .
education for girls
Development , testing and operation of space objects and ground system
it extends to the whole of india .
interest on deposit
to improve the power factor and voltage use marked shunt capacitor of right capacity with motor .
wards/widows of personnel killed in action .
In order to promote employment in the North East States , Government is incentivizing primarily the MSME Sector through this scheme .
• ICAI and ICPAK will collaborate on benchmarking initiatives and trainee accountant exchange programmes .
on an average , the region experiences an earthquake with a magnitude greater than 6 .0 every year .
He will also lay foundation stone for permanent building at KendriyaVidhyalaya , Sonepur .
accordingly , facilities for , ensuring their proper education , psycho social counselling short stay home till education upto class 12th , skill development shall be an integral component of the rehabilitation package .
it is a social media phenomenon where conversations about this take place secretively in closed social media groups .
for pre-matric scholarship
if aadhaar card/aadhaar number is available then no other documents is required .
The Prime Minister will address the gathering .
no supplementary fish feed or pond fertilizer is required in this system .
they are organic and inorganic materials with no remaining economic value to the owner produced by homes , commercial and industrial establishments .
some pregnant woman will come by themselves to the antenatal clinics that are organized .
keeping lakes , reservoirs and streams free of aquatic vegetation and other floating material provides the top- feeding minnows ( gambusia ) better opportunities to search out and feed upon the larvae and pupae .
degree courses in agriculture
Qualification and Training ;
dehydration can be defined as `` the excessive loss of water from the body . ''
He said that in the current financial year , States are receiving over 11 lakh crore rupees from the Centre , which represents an increase of about 6 lakh crore rupees , from the last year of the previous government .
 . for example , take a mental vacation while you are meditating .
the manufacturing sector can not develop on its own without skilled labour force and in this context it is heartening to note the government ’ s initiatives for skill development .
it is necessary to be careful about the water you drink and the water you bathe in , since water is a carrier for a number of diseases .
He said that Yoga is beautiful because it is ancient and yet modern , it is constant and yet evolving ; it has the best of our past and present and provides a ray of hope for our future .
add bleaching powder in all community wells at regular intervals .
following are the common stuff you should have in your first aid box .
· 3rd BRICS Sherpa/Sous-Sherpa Meeting – 2 to 3 June ( Pretoria )
( DMRC ) , the existing 50 :50 Special Purpose Vehicle ( SPV ) of the Government of India and Government of National Capital Territory of Delhi ( GNCTD ) .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Cooperation ( MoC ) between India and Japan for cooperation in the Postal field .
In this project CCTVs will be installed throughout Agra City for monitoring and surveillance for the purpose of safety and security .
They are also tapping the creative energy of our 800 million youth .
actual subject to a maximum ceiling of rs .7 ,000 p .a .
such woman requires immediate medical attention .
temperature data is recorded every ten minutes and updated at an interval of sixty minutes on the server via general packet radio service .
show interest in their activities and viewpoints .
technologies developed for handling of harvested crops , processing and food safety standards are detailed here
it also functions to help with the deposition of calcium to your bones .
blood pressure
Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh , Yogi Adityanath said PBD and Kumbh in Uttar Pradesh are a reflection of Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat .
there will be no capital gains tax on the appreciation in the value of gold deposited , or on the interest you make from it .
changes in mood or behavior  : someone with alzheimer ’ s disease may show rapid mood swings
one stop centre scheme will provide rescue and referral services to the women affected by violence .
The Times Group Newspaper “Vijaya Karnataka ” started a new initiative urging the children to write a letter to the Prime Minister of the country .
in acute outbreaks , dead birds may be the first sign .
In fact , here in New Delhi ,we have already started offering BS Six standard fuel this month .
documents required for purchase of fastag
the magistrate ceases to have jurisdiction .
proceed cautiously once the earthquake has stopped .
the village should take care of its environment through ( 1 ) planting trees , ( 2 ) water harvestation and maintenance of water bodies ( 3 ) use of renewable sources of energy , such as biogas , solar energy , wind energy , ( 4 ) use of smokeless chulhas , etc .
you and the vehicle can be quickly swept away .
In this context he mentioned , that the number of foreign tourists coming to India , rose from 70 lakh in 2013 , to 1 crore in 2017 .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Rohan Bopanna and Divij Sharan on winning Gold in Men’s Doubles Tennis event at the 18th Asian Games 2018 in Jakarta – Palembang , Indonesia .
Six groups of officers made presentations on the themes of nutrition , education , basic infrastructure , agriculture and water resources , eradication of Left Wing Extremism and financial inclusion and skill development .
as per the scheme , government of india will share 25 % of prescribed stipend subject to a maximum of rs . 1500 per month per apprentice with the employers .
the election commission was established in accordance with the constitution on 25th january 1950 .
the main physical feature of a mature tropical cyclone in the indian ocean is a concentric pattern of highly turbulent giant cumulus thundercloud bands .
this is particularly true of the higher-efficiency , traditional silicon crystalline wafer solar modules .
in the few cases where untreated nets might still be in use , trained health workers can advise on safe insecticides and re-treatment .
aanganwadi teachers
They therefore agreed to promote shared interests of the peoples of the two countries so as to live together harmoniously and in a mutually beneficial inter-dependent environment .
to create a single point of contact for the entire startup ecosystem and enable knowledge exchange and access to funding .
for far too long disaster management in india was marginalised as an issue of providing relief and rehabilitation to the people affected by natural calamities .
assist the different stages of labour and the birth of the baby
The Prime Minister said that human rights should not be merely a slogan , but also a part of our ethos .
the eligible couples should not have any criminal record which points to unsuitability .
verification of mobile number
culturing of mixed species i .e .indian major carps and exotic carps  : catla 2  : rohu 3  : mrigal 1  : common carp 2  : silver carp 1
prevention and reduction of anemia in women aged 15–49 years
“Rani Lakshmibai is a source of inspiration for every Indian .
symptoms include  :
breakfast 8 .00
a programme on digital literacy would be taken up at the national level .
extract from birth register
Our aim is social justice .
8th week
A delegation from the Pacific Pension and Investment ( PPI ) Institute , led by its President , Mr . Lionel C . Johnson , called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
Hyundai , Samsung , LG electronics have become trustworthy brands in India .
cyberstalking takes many forms such as  :
coin features
The Prime Minister also met his family members and wished him a speedy recovery .
no other food or drink , not even water , is usually needed during this period .
can i put a stop payment request for funds transferred by bank  ?
Minister of External Affairs .
He said that the reforms being undertaken by the Union Government are also aimed at improving ease of living for the common people .
Under Ujjawala Yojana , he said , Government has provided 1 Crore Free Gas connections in Uttar Pradesh alone .
He emphasized the importance of connectivity , in the 21st century .
as on october 2017 , the installed capacity of small hydro projects ( upto 3 ) amounts to 4399 .35 .
it is characterized by fever , multiple generalized petechial and ecchymotic hemorrhages giving rise to visceral and skin lesion .
Prime Minister appreciated how poor women with their self-confidence and strength fought against all adversities .
while the selection of beneficiaries would be from the below poverty line families only , preference would be given to weaker sections of society .
a child should be able to  :
At the same event , the Prime Minister unveiled plaques to lay the Foundation Stone for medical colleges at Chaibasa and Koderma .
local emergency management officials can advise you on the best route to safety and likely shelter locations .
clothes and containers used when handling chemicals should not be washed near a household water source .
the choice of design will be influenced primarily by the desired capacity , the space available to install the plant , the type of feed material ( cattle dung has higher gas producing capacities than human waste ) and the finances available for construction .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today dedicated the Sardar Sarovar Dam to the nation .
if you have started using alcohol or other substances , seek help from your friends , parents or other trusted adults .
crop intensification such as economic development
The MoU also provides for setting up of a Joint Working Group( JWG ) consisting of equal members from both the sides to monitor the activities to be carried out in fulfilment of the MoU .
The cooperation is achieved through exchange of information on developments in areas of railways technology & operations , knowledge sharing , technical visits , training & seminars and workshops in areas of mutual interest .
We have the manpower , we have the skills and the resources .
who can donate blood if it is needed  ?
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will be on a day-long visit to Jammu and Kashmir on May 19 , 2018 .
selection criteria for accredited social health activists
the angle and speed at which the storm approaches the coast
He addressed the gathering at Kashi Vishwanath Temple , after a symbolic ground-breaking ceremony .
A delegation representing the film and entertainment industry , called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi , in Mumbai today .
Both sides supported the early institutionalisation of cooperation between the European Food Safety Authority ( EFSA ) and the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India ( FSSAI ) , to focus on exchange of knowledge and expertise in the area of methodologies for data collection , risk assessment and risk communication .
The Prime Minister spoke of the State’s immense potential in the tourism sector .
ensuring final disposal of the industrial policy and promotion application
He overcame the adverse situation and scripted his own success story .
liquid waste
This is Prime Minister’s second visit to the city .
charges for drafting , preparing and filling of any legal proceedings arid representation by a legal practitioner in legal proceedings  ;
embolic stroke
Every Indian needs quality health service .
But more than a billion people across the globe still do not have access to electricity .
check for unusual access or activity in your account
some individuals may have a blood pressure of 90/50 with no symptoms of low blood pressure and therefore do not have low blood pressure .
v . Establishing high end mobile BSL 3 Lab facilities in India ; and
point of sale malware -
integrated fish farming-cum-cattle farming
disability certificate ( mandatory for category b & d )
adolescence is a time of curiosity and experimentation .
today , there are many disturbing things happening in cyberspace .
PMSSY has two components –
The people of India have seen the work a Government with a full majority can do .
electricity
The CEP seeks to promote cultural exchange and strengthen the friendly relations between India and Cambodia .
if there is a fire , try to put it out .
National Mission for Financial Inclusion ( PMJDY ) beyond 14 .8 .2018 Focus on opening accounts from “Every Household to Every Adult ” Existing Over Draft limit of Rs 5 ,000 raised to Rs 10 ,000 .
the punishment is three years for a first offence , and five years for repeat offences along with a fine .
the farmers should be properly guided to choose the suitable sized prime mover , provide proper foundation and belt transmission , and to select the pump so as to take advantage of high efficiency of the pump .
the right to information act , 2005 has established the necessary practical regime of right to information .
storage of hydrogen as a gas typically requires high-pressure tanks ( 350–700 bar [ 5 ,000–10 ,000 psi ] tank pressure ) .
to access the services , click here .
the sick bird should immediately be isolated and treated .
aim
as a result , you think of better choices .
amount of scholarship
enter unified payment interface and send
either online or in person
stroke
it is not allowing me to link both .
kumar invited the jagdish to work with him .
about 2016 college students and 504 teachers from n-e will be visiting premier institutes , like iit/nit/ iisers in an academic year or centrally funded technological institutes ) with stipends and travel will be taken up .
It was attended by more than 1500 registered delegates from 150 countries in addition to CEOs of MNCs , policy makers and Government officials .
procure the day old chicks , which are free from diseases from reputed hatcheries
if you are planning to submit your complaint application in hard copy , then enclose these documents with application form
one of the major insecurities for workers in the unorganized sector is the frequent incidences of illness and need for medical care and hospitalization of such workers and their family members .
bronchitis , new castle , infectious bursal ( typical brand name combo vec . 30 )
this is the left-side recovery position , but it may be more convenient to turn the casualty into the right-side recovery position , in which case carry out the above routine substituting right for left and vice versa .
heavy investments are made on large projects .
jute goods manufacturing unit  : any registered manufacturing unit producing ‘ jute manufactures ’ as defined in jute manufactures cess act 1983 and employing at least 10 workers will be considered under the scheme .
select date of appointment and receive for appointment .
application status tracking
visit nearest employment exchange office in your area of residence and fill up the required application form .
a certificate ( in original ) of caste signed by an authorized revenue officer not below the rank of tehsildar .
during the prenatal visits , the pregnant woman and her family should be supported in preparing for the birth and possible complications by developing a plan that specifies  :
familiarity may save your life .
if awarded any other scholarship/stipend , the student can exercise his/her option for either of the two scholarships/stipends , whichever is more beneficial to him/her and should inform the awarding authority through the head of the institution about the option made .
short validity certificates
he can also prefer to give a long-term option of continuing , in which case his account will be auto-debited every year by the bank .
this deadly game has spread all over the globe , and in india there have been reports of children harming themselves and in a few cases even committing suicides , which are allegedly linked to blue whale challenge .
the app also helps to keep track of transactions and provides for online grievance redressal .
programmes for encouraging active and productive ageing  ;
impart distinct identity to cooperative and allied dairy sector in the country
single click 2 factor authentication – aligned with the regulatory guidelines , yet provides for a very strong feature of seamless single click payment .
payment basis single/ unique identifier
so try to use such facilities
`` state plan '' means the plan for disaster management for the whole of the state prepared under section 23 .
the names of the deserving candidates for award of artistes pension will be decided on the basis of financial position and eminence etc . of the applicants by the central government on the recommendations of the expert committee constituted by ministry of culture , subject to availability of fund .
any complication can develop during delivery ,
how is aadhaar different from any other identity issued by the government  ?
the child is unable to breastfeed or drink
Government will provide necessary allocations for remaining period of scheme after assessment before March 2020 .
inhalation produces a wheezing and gurgling sound .
The MoU identifies the following stress of cooperation :
The Prime Minister travelled to , and from the school , in normal traffic , and without customary protocol .
can i use more than one bank application on the same mobile if they are linked to different bank accounts  ?
voyeurism is a crime where the victim is a woman under the indian penal code 1860 section 354c .
under the scheme , 25 lakh candidates will be trained in the 2016-17  ; 275 lakh in the 2017-18  ; and 300 lakh in the 2018-19 .
for the status of account becoming in-operational only the relevant banks shall be able to give response .
improve on - farm water use efficiency to reduce wastage and increase availability both in duration and extent .
The President of Sri Lanka Maithripala Sirisena called Prime Minister Modi on telephone today .
timelines for inquiry by juvenile justice board  ;
He also unveiled several other development projects in the state .
your gold will be securely maintained by the bank .
Funding of projects related to the execution of this MoU will be structured in separate individual arrangements , mutually agreed by both parties .
the weakening of a cyclone does not mean that the danger to life and property is over .
this programme meant to provide for the welfare of areas and people affected by mining related operations .
do not panic—
The Prime Minister said that emphasis is being given to enhance both infrastructural and emotional connectivity in the entire North Eastern region , at a rapid rate .
in case mobile lost
cash and credit cards
ducks should never have access to feed without drinking water .
It is indeed a proud moment not just for God’s Own Country , but also for the entire nation ” .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Agreement between India and Uzbekistan on Cooperation in the exploration and uses of Outer Space for peaceful purposes .
the entire penalties recovered from the perpetuators of the bonded labour upon conviction , may be deposited in this special fund .
it will be renewed for class x after the student passes class ix .
It is not every day that one meets a prime minister representing 1 .2 billion people , one considered a superstar at home and abroad .
it recognizes that “ every person below the age of eighteen years as a child and that childhood is an integral part of life with a value of own , and long term , sustainable , multi-sectoral , integrated , and inclusive approach is necessary for the harmonious development and protection of our children  ” .
refusal to close or delay in closing the accounts ,
however , not all of these infants are able to feed from the breast in the first days of life .
This will be part of Tribal Sub-Plan ( now renamed as Tribal Sub-Scheme ) within existing schemes of Central and the State Government for more focused attention in Scheduled Areas for effecting speedy development .
be watchful for signs of substance use by your son or daughter .
Memorandum of Understanding between the National Small Industries Corporation ( NSIC ) , of India and the Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation ( RSMB ) , on Cooperation in the field of Micro , Small and Medium Enterprises
Prime Minister extended a warm welcome to Dr . Abdullah , who is in India on a two-day working visit .
reservation as per advanced  ;
watery eyes
bureau of indian standards has published an expression of interest on its website inviting applications from the more than 13 ,000 licensed jewellers to act as a collection and purity testing centres in the scheme , provided they have tie-up with bureau of indian standards licensed refiners .
basic amenities and services  :
During the three years of this government , 2600 kilometer long railway track has been converted in the double line .
the unit shall hold valid license from the food safety authority of india as required under the food safety and standards act 2006 and regulations there under .
as we would expect , the longer a person is in a coma , the worse the prognosis .
fire extinguishers are regularly refilled  ;
medical care
The MoU would lead to set up a Joint Working Group , drawing members from DOS/ISRO and Royal Centre for Remote Sensing ( CRTS ) and the Royal Centre for Space Research and Studies ( CRERS ) , which will further work out the plan of action including the time-frame and the means of implementing the MoU .
the signs of polio are a floppy limb or the inability to move .
information can be obtained from a doctor , nurse , midwife , maternity centre or family planning clinic
The Prime Minister said the common man could relate to Adi Shankara’s composition – Soundarya Lahari .
modified diets
lack of priority given to the sector ,
equity initiatives
President Reuven Rivlin’s visit to India in 2016 was only the second Israeli presidential visit to India .
Speaking in the Upper House , shortly after the election , the Prime Minister also expressed happiness that the Leader of the House , Shri Arun Jaitley , is back in the House , after recovering from illness .
ration card .
compared to other options , breast milk nourishes the baby more efficiently .
keep some wooden boards ready so that glass windows can be boarded if needed
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , interacted with the beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Bhartiya Janaushadhi Pariyojana and store owners of Jan Aushadi Kendras , through video conference .
enrollment for aadhar
source  : department of land resources , ministry of rural development
Prime Minister said that the culture of taking everyone along makes India different from all other countries .
puducherry and daman and diu
view number of open defecation free villages
There are three auditoriums and an extensive library with a rich digital repository .
PM said , “My condolences to all those who lost their loved ones due to an accident near Ranghola in Gujarat .
from digital/ technology sector to a wide array of sectors including agriculture , manufacturing , social sector , healthcare , education , etc .  ; and
to provide land on lease to Hindustan Urvarak & Rasayan Limited ( HURL ) ;
“As societies , India and Israel are both driven by a strong entrepreneurial mindset .
there are two major cells involved in the resorption and deposition of your bones .
duly filled in application form
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Kader Khan .
in cases of bonded or forced labour involving extreme cases of deprivation or marginalization such as trans-genders , or women or children rescued from ostensible sexual exploitation such as brothels , massage parlours , placement agencies etc . , or trafficking , or in cases of differently abled persons , or in situations where the district magistrate deems fit , the rehabilitation assistance shall be rs 3 lakhs , out of which at least rs 2 lakhs shall be deposited in an annuity scheme in the name of each beneficiary and rs 1 lakh shall be transferred to the beneficiary account through rehabilitation package . .
As intimated by the TCL , approximately seven to eight months would be required for the approval of Scheme of Arrangement by National Company Law Tribunal ( NCLT ) .
at present , 10 states namely andhra pradesh , chhattisgarh , gujarat , himachal pradesh , jharkhand , madhya pradesh , maharashtra , odisha , rajasthan and telangana have fifth schedule areas .
this measure will empower women and protect their health .
( b ) Encourage co-operation between India and Singapore on :
exception - any person who has been employed to clean human waste and does so with the help of the appropriate protective gear and equipment will not be considered a manual scavenger under this law .
Whether it is for the kitchen of a common manor for an aircraft ,energy is essential .
it also greatly reduces the risk of respiratory infections such as pneumonia and other diseases , including eye infections , especially trachoma .
Stories like these are writing a new chapter in the history of India .
“Professor Stephen Hawking was an outstanding scientist and academic .
buses or any other vehicles owned / hired by the school need to be maintained properly so that students are not at risk of accidents .
the quantity of gold collected under the scheme will be expressed up to three decimals of a gram .
to implement solid and liquid waste management initiatives economically and efficiently , ownership at grassroot level and community involvement at all stages is critical .
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Sahibganj Sewerage Treatment Plant , and the Madhusudan Ghat , under the Namami Gange initiative .
The Prime Minister mentioned about the initiatives taken by the Union Government to clean the River Ganga .
prevention - vaccine is available .
every banking ombudsman have jurisdiction in one or more states .
On 31 May , I will visit the India-Singapore enterprise and innovation exhibition .
1 ) a woman is healthy and well-nourished before becoming pregnant  ;
In India , we are also focused on making our growth inclusive .
cardiovascular disease , including heart failure , a heart defect , heart infection , or abnormal heart rhythm .
this does not mean that if no protection officers are appointed .
horsepower
Cleanest cities , and best performing States will receive awards from the Prime Minister .
in some cases , however , coughs are danger signs of more serious illnesses , such as pneumonia or tuberculosis .
its potential is however much larger
over 60 years of existence , industrial training institutes have given excellent technicians , mechanics , entrepreneurs and professional leaders .
as india strives towards achieving the sustainable development goals and looks ahead to the post - 2015 era , progress in reducing maternal mortality becomes an important frontier .
how does this law prevent manual scavenging  ?
students who receive scholarship or stipend from any other source will not be granted under this scheme .
the website generates a link , which the user can click on , to complete the payment .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has given its approval for a Cooperation Agreement between Ministry of New and Renewable Energy of India and Ministry for Energy , Utilities and Climate of the Kingdom of Denmark on strategic sector cooperation in the field of Renewable Energy with a focus on Offshore Wind Energy and a Letter of Intent to establish an Indo-Danish Centreof Excellence for renewable energy in India .
allotment of land shall be made at concessional rates to the people with disabilities for  :
for aadhaar update related information you may visit official website  :
to specifically focus on reforms in five key areas concerning these existing institutions ,
to construct shelters/ sheds , bus stands and provide drinking water points at worksites .
to improve the nutritional and health status of children in the age-group 0-6 years  ;
The Joint Working Group shall meet once in a year , alternately in India and France .
infections can be prevented by taking precautions , including  :
India is now ready for business as never before .
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister said he feels a special energy in the environment from this mass chanting .
the trojan horse , also known as trojan , in the context of computing and software , describes a class of computer threats ( malware ) that appears to perform a desirable function but in fact performs undisclosed malicious functions that allow unauthorized access to the host machine , giving them the ability to save their files on the user 's computer or even watch the user 's screen and control the computer .
Most beneficiaries said that the there has been an overall improvement in the quality of life .
the strategy can be implemented by community level organizations or through anganwadi workers .
the health worker can also screen the pregnant woman for night blindness and , as necessary , prescribe an adequate dosage of vitamin a to treat the woman and contribute to the healthy development of the fetus .
if the skin is broken , there is the additional possibility of infection .
the portal provides information related to these types of diseases .
“Greetings to all sports enthusiasts on National Sports Day .
playing , both structured and unstructured , lays the foundation for a child 's development of future learning and life skills .
mumps
she needs to be put on food supplementation .
a quiet beach is often an ideal mental destination .
this movement of shaft through a pump or generator produces electricity .
the important difference between this provision and the earlier one is that this applies to all people while the former provision is intended to protect women .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Kanpur Metro Rail Project having two corridors , which will connect major public nodes and city cluster areas of Kanpur .
Speaking of positive interventions in the social sector , the Prime Minister said that the Government is reaching out to twelve crore small and marginal farmers by providing them a comfort of rupees six thousand every year .
older persons should be able to live in dignity and security and be free of exploitation and physical or mental abuse .
charges for legal documentation viz . for payment of stamp duty for loans agreement , hiring of legal experts , valuation of assets , examination of title deeds etc .
do regular exercise to keep the body weight within normal limits .
if the vast majority of babies were exclusively fed breastmilk in their first six months of life
https ://soundcloud .com/narendramodi/unity-in-diversity-is-indias-speciality
approximately 100 plus police officers of various ranks were sensitized and trained about the issues related to missing children protection of children from sexual offences act , juvenile justice ( care and protection of children ) act , protection of child right act , relevant sections of advisories issued by operation smile etc .
the reference base of workers will be determined by the number of employees against whom the employer has deposited the 12 % with employees ' provident fund organisation as on 31st march , 2016 , as ascertained/verified from the monthly labour identification number for march , 2016 .
apart from the documentation , you need to submit registration certificate of the vehicle along with the application for fastag .
when water is used once and is no longer fit for human consumption or any other use , it is considered to be liquid waste .
as a stakeholder in this platform , you can express your views , share your experiences , participate in relevant discussions , update your knowledge from the available resources and disseminate the knowledge to others .
ingredients
“In a world of excess , Yoga promises restraint and balance .
( inner part of lower eyelid ) ,
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal –
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people of Karnataka on Sankranti festival .
energy saved is energy generated -
complications
children and their family members have the right to quality health care for prompt and effective treatment and malaria prevention .
handling a plant emergency
It includes a Central Archaeological Library with a collection of about 1 .5 lakh books and journals .
watch your animals closely .
this would include for example , location and contact details of all police stations , child care institutions , hospitals , primary health care systems , paediatricians , childline services , etc .
based on several consultations with states and experts and a large survey involving over 70 ,000 households in 75 districts across the country , cleanliness index and village swachhtha index have been defined .
a mother who has undergone a caesarean birth may require extra help to begin breastfeeding her baby .
The Prime Minister mentioned other reforms such as the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code .
protect the skin from further exposure to the cold .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , arrived in Leh on the first leg of a day-long visit to Jammu and Kashmir today .
minimum entry qualification for entry to various professional course differs .
the child needs immediate treatment from a trained health worker , who can also provide a referral to a health facility .
children will recognize the bottle and drink the contents
green ear ergot
· Security in the use of ICTs Working Group – 16 to 17 May ( Cape Town )
the diagnosis of high blood pressure is important so efforts can be made to normalize blood pressure and prevent complications .
however , in some people who are affected by the condition , the cause remains largely unknown or unidentified .
Possibilities for partnership also exist in manufacturing of tyres , agro-industrial machinery , and mining equipment .
while that may be the case , the results produce a powerful clean energy source .
lay down guidelines to be followed by the state authorities in drawing up the state plan  ;
if adults shout , behave violently , exclude or discriminate , children will learn this type of behaviour .
He also refers to INSV Tarini , with an all women crew on board under the command of Vartika Joshi , which is currently circumnavigating the globe .
­ensuring efficient response and relief with a caring approach towards the needs of the vulnerable sections of the society .
the research parks fund in partnership with national and global equity funds ( bharat fund , india aspiration fund amongst others ) will provide financial assistance to young biotech startups .
services provided to the citizens
He will offer Chadar at SantKabirMazaar .
eligibility
signs that the baby is in a good position for breastfeeding are  :
free from other crop seeds ( expressed in number /kg )
rs . 2000/- per month for boys . ie . rs 24000/- to each boy to be paid annually after selection
The Prime Minister spoke to Home Minister Shri Rajnath Singh in this regard and expressed his strong disapproval of such incidents .
Addressing the gathering , the Prime Minister said that in the last 150 to 200 years , mankind has depended on fossil fuels for energy needs .
salient features scheme
The MoU aims for exchange of expertise and networking of information .
PM said , “Good health is the foundation of human progress .
Belgium is India’s second largest trade partner with the European Union ( EU ) .
These games are proving to be handy in overall development .
The Prime Minister said the solution to all problems is through development .
person to whom legal aid is provided is not required to pay anything on the litigation .
these are some of the more recent examples of landslides .
Today , in the twenty-sixth meeting , the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to post offices , and railways .
it is nutritious and clean and helps fight illness and infections .
receipt and review of claims from basic training provider on-line .
So , this is our achievement in 2017 .
to serve as the single platform for startups for interacting with government and regulatory institutions for all business needs and information exchange among various stakeholders
PM laid the foundation stone for the construction of Greenfield Airport at Hollongi and inaugurated retrofitted Tezu airport .
the second dose is to be given one month after the first dose , but at least one month before the edd .
Under this scheme , farmers having up to five acres of land would be given a monetary support of six thousand rupees per year from the Central Government in three instalments .
chapter-xi of the act talks about various offences and the said offences shall be investigated only by a police officer not below the rank of the deputy superintendent of police .
60 breaths a minute  ;
there will be a uniform premium of only 2 % to be paid by farmers for all kharif crops and 1 .5 % for all rabi crops .
medical hygiene
NRDWP is a Centrally Sponsored Scheme with 50 .50 fund sharing between the Centre and the States .
These include setting up of Gramin Agricultural Markets ( GrAMs ) so as to promote 22 ,000 number of retail markets in close proximity of farm gate ; competitive and transparent wholesale trade at APMC through eNAM and a robust and pro-farmer export policy .
breastfeeding the baby frequently causes production of more milk .
can i get an abortion because the sex of the foetus is female  ?
`` national authority '' means the national disaster management authority established under sub-section ( 1 ) of section 3  ;
The Prime Minister will address an audience of about 10 ,000 people , drawn from Self Help Groups , Panchayats , water conservation innovators , and beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana .
Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) of the Ministry of Labour and Employment .
when children have cold and running nose , clean the nose with soft cloth .
features of trackchild portal
national urban health mission would cover all state capitals , district headquarters and other cities/towns with a population of 50 ,000 and above ( as per census 2011 ) in a phased manner .
This is my first visit to Sweden .
this is a guarantee that pregnant women and new mothers will not be discriminated against and lose their job or job entitlements ( pension , paid holiday leave , etc . ) due to pregnancy , maternity leave or time off for childbirth
the artists who are below the age of 40 years and want to claim the artist pension in future should immediately register themselves under the atal pension scheme .
the use of tobacco , alcohol and other substances can lead to negative health consequences both during adolescence , and into adulthood .
use less of fried papad .
national optical fibre network
state health mission , chaired by chief minister and co - chaired by health minister and with the state health secretary as convener- representation of related departments , private professionals etc
My government has sanctioned a new fund of 7 ,5 00 crore rupees for the fisheries sector .
The AM will be supported by a High Level Committee ( HLC ) of officers co-chaired by the Secretary , DIPAM and Secretary , MHA ( with representatives from DEA , DLA , M/o Corporate Affairs and CEPI ) that would give its recommendations with regard to quantum , price/price-band , principles/ mechanisms for sale of shares , etc .
the data received from aadhaar will not be edited
the state government while formulating the pilot project will determine the implementing agency on behalf of the state government .
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara to be inaugurated
post graduate courses not covered under group-i
the unit shall have valid accreditation of quality and food safety management system from certifying bodies shortlisted by the quality mark management committee .
enter 4 for fund transfer using account number and mobile pin and submit .
eligible investors include individuals , trusts , universities , charitable institutions , etc .
Every Indian should be skilled , so Skill for All .
the student can however , accept free lodging or a grant or ad-hoc monetary help from the state government or any other source for the purchase of books , equipment or for meeting the expenses on board and lodging in addition to the scholarship amount paid under this scheme .
provide strong suitable support for outside doors .
The expedition , known as the Navika Sagar Parikrama , was the first-ever Indian circumnavigation of the globe by an all-women crew .
The Prime Minister reiterated the commitment of the Union Government to curb corruption and black money .
Speaking on the importance of Tourism Sector , PM highlighted the remarkable growth in this sector .
rapid diagnostic test are inexpensive and increasingly available .
under the campaign ,
tips to deal with seizures
Emphasizing the priorities of his Government , the Prime Minister reiterated that Panchdhara – five facets of development hold the key to the progress of nation .
thumri , dadra , tappa , qawali , ghazal ,
The Prime Minister asked officers to use data analytical tools to proactively track and determine undeclared income and wealth .
Maa Amritanandamayee joined the interaction from Kollam .
The Prime Minister had a special word of appreciation for the boatmen ( Naviks ) involved in Kumbh as well .
the doctor who determines if it is necessary to perform an abortion and performs it needs to be a ‘ registered medical practitioner ’ under the law .
The Prime Minister also mentioned the insurance schemes launched by the Union Government , and said 20 crore people across the country have joined the JeevanJyoti , or Suraksha Beema schemes .
prompt medical attention is vital to treat potentially reversible conditions .
the top health-compromising behaviours among adolescents include unhealthy diets , physical inactivity , alcohol and other substance use and poor sleep habits .
the scheme will cover below poverty line families under all forms of distributorship and for various sizes of cylinders ( like 14 .2 kg , 5 kg , etc . ) depending on f the field situation .
Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology ( MeitY ) is collaborating with number of countries for fostering bilateral and multilateral ICT cooperation .
tick and lice feed on the skin and irritate the pigs which will scratch its body .
a verification certificate may be issued by the district collector office .
beginning in october 2015 , evin has been rolled out in 371 districts of assam , bihar , chhattisgarh , gujarat , himachal pradesh , jharkhand , madhya pradesh , manipur , nagaland , odisha , rajasthan and uttar pradesh .
the seed with physical quality should have uniform size , weight , and colour .
if sick persons must go into the community ( e .g . , to seek medical care ) , then they should wear a face mask or use a handkerchief or tissues to cover any coughing and sneezing so as to reduce the risk of spreading the infection in the community .
switch off the electrical mains in your house .
The Prime Minister emphasized on the shared values between India and Japan .
PM said , “Saddened by the loss of lives due to a road accident in Araria , Bihar .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the 9th edition of the Vibrant Gujarat Summit on 18th January ,2019 .
option i - online application
post new jobs
· Muzaffarpur-Raxaul
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the constitution of a High Level Steering Committee for periodically reviewing and refining the National Indicator Framework ( NIF ) for monitoring of Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) with associated targets .
india adds five lakh new cases of epilepsy in children every year .
eligibility criteria for establishments for claiming benefit under the scheme
Union Home Minister , Shri Rajnath Singh , Union Finance Minister , Shri ArunJaitley and Union Minister of Agriculture & Farmers Welfare , Shri Radha Mohan Singh were present in the meeting , along with members and officials of NDMA .
The Authority shall also regulate such other financial products , financial services or FIs as may be notified by the Central Government from time to time .
A special part of the program of this visit of the President to India will be the first “Gandhi-Mandela Freedom Lecture ” which is being organized today .
stroke or brain attack , the second major cause of death in people after 60 years of age and afflicting over 17 lakh in india annually , is preventable and treatable , according to an expert .
lay the casualty down with the feet and legs raised higher than the body
Africa has been the top priority of India’s Foreign Policy .
progressive and efficient practices , based on new technology , should be used in all the economic activities pursued in the village , especially in agriculture , animal husbandry , fisheries etc .
Total five meetings Task Force for BIMSTEC on Trans-power Exchange were held and the draft MoU for establishment of BIMSTEC Grid Interconnection was finalized by the Task Force on 16th Mar 2015 .
it is a crime to get an abortion because you or your family do not want a girl child .
the patient may bite his tongue or stop breathing
We had the pleasure of receiving President Moon Jae-in and First Lady Mrs . Kim Jung-sook in India in July last year .
this is done through watershed development programmes and initiating effective land reform measures for providing land to the landless rural poor .
slow and steady reduction in body weight is advised .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Economic Times Global Business Summit .
ensure cooked meat and poultry is safe and no part of the meat discoloured or foul smelling , or in the case of egg , their shells are not cracked .
repair deep plaster cracks in ceilings and foundations .
food/lodging expenditure per girl child @ rs . 850 per month
disorientation to time and place  : people with alzheimer ’ s disease can become lost in their own neighborhood , forget where they are and how they got there , and not know how to get back home .
the disabled and the constitution
a rating scale that measure changes including breathing , speaking , sleeping , swallowing , and walking .
I would also call on His Majesty King Carl XVI Gustaf , King of Sweden .
the mental health act , 1987
use electrical appliancesstar rated split air conditioners ( 1 .5 tons )
lady tailors
India’s biggest tax reform , the GST has been introduced recently .
We plan to start 150 thousand such Health & Wellness Centres by 2022 .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief at the loss of lives due to unseasonal rains and storms in MP , Rajasthan , Manipur & various parts of the country .
impact
eligibility to apply for award of quality mark
anganwadi worker
as per the aadhaar ( targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies , benefits and services ) act , 2016 , only a resident individual is entitled to obtain aadhaar .
this assessment should be undertaken not only once , such as before the child is born , but also throughout the period of breastfeeding , with the support of the trained health worker .
they can give you comfort and support , and help you to think things through clearly .
tornados in the guinea lands of west africa and southern atlantic ocean  ;
Belarus is an active participant in Indian Technical and Economic Cooperation programme .
the unit assistance given to beneficiaries under the programme is rs 1 ,20 ,000 in plain areas and to rs 1 ,30 ,000 in hilly states/difficult areas /integrated action plan for selected tribal and backward districts .
that ’ s in effect a plunge into a serious business but it is also punctuated with two inherent elements in any innovation – new avenues or tapping of opportunities and facing the challenges to keep the right balance .
tablet/financial assistance for purchasing the tablets
expect aftershocks .
search maximum retail price of scheduled medicine , new drug & drug for which price fixed under para 19 by the national pharmaceutical pricing authority , department of pharmaceuticals , ministry of chemicals and fertilizers .
take your recommended amounts of calcium and vitamin supplements daily .
the bond is issued by reserve bank on behalf of government of india .
by making an enabling legislation on safety , health and environment at workplaces  ;
a competition on achieving targets .
this is a universally accepted definition of a child and comes from the united nations convention on the rights of the child , an international legal instrument accepted and ratified by most countries .
Digital awareness in the villages of India is also creating a huge e-commerce market for the future .
even blind persons or those who are deaf and dumb can make their wills if they understand the import and consequence of doing it .
My Singaporean Friends ,
management-related problems
For India , though , Singapore means more .
most of the schemes are seeking aadhaar number to identify the beneficiaries to remove fakes and duplicates from their database .
He added that more than two crore farmers have received their first instalment under the PM Kisan Samman Nidhi .
Similarly , the Bureau of Indian Standard Act has also been enacted .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Agra Metro Rail Project having two corridors .
The Project will have non-fare box revenue from rental & advertisement as well as Value Capture Financing ( VCF ) through mechanism of Transit Oriented Development ( TOD ) and Transfer of Development Rights ( TDR ) .
provide a good role model through your own behaviour .
– ( “Ellarum amarnillai aaedumnaan
( a ) Vijaya Bank and Dena Bank are transferor banks and BoB is transferee bank .
Minister of State in the Ministry of External Affairs .
it will also help in reducing wastage of agricultural produce ,
pensioners eligible for registration under sankalp
if you are not sure if your pet has been vaccinated , when your pet last received a vaccine , or if overdue for a vaccine then visit your local veterinarian immediately .
in a chain reaction , particles released by the splitting of the atom strike other uranium atoms and split them .
one calorie is equal to 4 .184
protect yourself from online abuse
Prime Minister of Mauritius , Pravind Jugnauth to be the Chief Guest Theme of PBD 2019 – Role of Indian Diaspora in building New India
rural youth :15 - 35 yrs
make sure that each person has lantern , torch , some edibles , drinking water , dry clothes and necessary documents while evacuating or shifting .
there is a debate about whether sexual activity with consent is a crime under this law .
The theme of IEF-16 is “The Future of Global Energy Security . ”
For decades , injustice was being rendered to Muslim women but there was no discussion on it .
who is responsible for identifying manual scavengers  ?
mode of pension
all crops ( most ) - 98 %
Govt . of Uttar Pradesh has already allocated Rs . 175 Cr . for this project during the financial year 2019-20 .
He paid a courtesy call on the President of Myanmar , who hosted a State Banquet in his honour .
only give your mobile number out to people you know and can trust .
adjust your settings on social media to block the person .
health department
benefits
public awareness and community outreach -
to drive quantity , quality and reach of training provision and outcomes .
stay out of a building if water remains around it .
the central government through doordarshan will also support rural regional banks and cooperative banks to issue “ rupay kisan cards  ” to 4 .32 crore kisan credit card holders to enable them to make digital transactions at doordarshan machines/micro doordarshans/doordarshans .
The PM said that his government is making every effort to make life easy and better for every citizen of India .
inspection of fields of cluster member @ rs . 400 /inspection x 3 ( 3 inspections will be done per cluster per year )
this is clear from the salient features in the preamble and the directive principles of state policy .
the mosquito transfers the malaria parasite , plasmodium , from person to person .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Network-18 Rising India Summit in New Delhi .
The Prime Minister’s visit to Thiruvananthapuram followed the inauguration of Kollam Bypass earlier today .
you are more likely to develop bone problems as you reach menopause
to access the complete indian food composition tables , 2017 , click here .
compost from farm-waste
national health mission seeks to provide effective health care to the population , the disadvantaged groups including women and children by improving access , enabling community ownership strengthening public health systems for efficient service delivery , enhancing equity and accountability and promoting decentralization .
infectious laryngotracheitis
reduce the flame once food starts boiling
firstly , the implications of these provisions for the e-businesses would be that email would now be a valid and legal form of communication in our country that can be duly produced and approved in a court of law .
small ponds of sizes ranging from 0 .01 – 0 .10 ha with desired depth of 1 .0 – 1 .5 metre with side slopes of 1- 1 .5 m can be developed .
these service providers are aadhaar authenticated to ensure security of the household .
service certificate to be issued by the prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme in case of serving personnel in the prescribed format
interest subvention scheme for farmers
it has advanced features of eliminating all the cumbersome and tedious procedure of making a request for an appointment and then visiting the premises .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the Subhas Chandra Bose museum at Red Fort , New Delhi on 23 January 2019 .
it is the duty of the protection officer and the service provider to provide all assistance to the woman who is a victim of domestic violence .
Following is the text of the Prime Minister’s address on the occasion :
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Agreement between India and Algeria on Cooperation in the field of Space Sciences , Technologies and Applications .
latrines should be kept covered and toilets should be flushed .
standing mentoring group shall guide and oversee the implementation of asha initiative
zonal officer for a group of polling stations
feeding time is also an opportunity for the child to receive affection and have contact with the mother , father or other caregiver .
medically induced
It is a great honour to be the first Head of Government to deliver the keynote address at Singapore Fintech Festival .
the scheme was transferred from the ministry of rural development to the department of health & family welfare during the year 2001-02 .
the main objectives of saansad adarsh gram yojana are  :
PM will then flag off the metro train and take a ride in the Metro from Vastral Gam station .
food storage and warehousing
when the pregnant woman is ready to give birth , she should be encouraged to have a companion of her choice accompany her to provide her with continuous support during childbirth and after birth .
Interacting with the global leaders of the energy sector , Prime Minister highlighted the significant positioning of India in the oil and gas market .
He said these projects will not only ease transportation but also lead to setting up of new enterprises in Varanasi , Purvanchal and nearby areas .
He will also the lay the foundation stone of projects like Infrastructure Development of Dhanamanjuri University , Imphal ; sports facilities etc .
x did not make payment of the cheque amount within 15 days of receiving the notice .
The Prime Minister recalled the sacrifices of over 33 ,000 police personnel , who have laid down their lives , while performing their duty .
secondary headaches are those that are due to an underlying structural problem in the head or neck .
hygiene is very important during menstruation .
never provide personal information including your passwords , credit card information , account numbers to unknown persons
head scan
He said that the Swachh Bharat Mission has led to significant increase in sanitation coverage in the country .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with over 170 young IAS officers who have recently been appointed Assistant Secretaries in the Government of India .
implement a sustained social mobilization and communication campaign to create equal value for the girl child & promote her education .
The Prime Ministers acknowledged that terrorism and violent extremism are major challenges for the international community .
if this option is not available , you may need to send a formal complaint/report to the social networking service .
However , FII/FPI purchases were restricted to secondary market only .
health care
students who have already received coaching in any of the pre-examination training centers with financial assistance from the government will not be eligible .
some of the causes of secondary headache may be potentially life-threatening and deadly .
• Encourage industry partners to develop supply chains for small and medium sized enterprises ( SME ) with major Defence & Aerospace Original Equipment Manufacturers ( OEMs )
generate mobile pin
having sleep difficulties
health education .
The Prime Minister will arrive in Daman on Saturday .
travel & ticketing
the three-phase implementation of the bharatnet project is as follows
rurban vitrak  :
do not give access to rats and houseflies in your premises .
under range system 2000 birds can be reared in one acre .
in case the new employee does not have a new universal account number , the employer will facilitate this through the employees ' provident fund organisation portal .
assessment of wind speed , wind direction and the affected sector around the nuclear facility .
The PPP airports in India have been ranked among the top 5 in their respective categories by the Airports Council International ( ACI ) in terms of Airport Service Quality ( ASQ ) .
remember alcohol should never be taken with some anti diabetic drugs as it may make the diabetic very ill .
what amounts to rape under law  ?
sowa-rigpa system of medicine
This is visible in global partnerships , such as the International Solar Alliance , promoted by India and France .
if blisters occur , apply dry , sterile dressings and get medical attention .
12 digit pension payment order for central government civilian pensioners
if someone needs to be rescued , call professionals with the right equipment to help
young children can experience excessive stress if they are physically or emotionally punished , are exposed to violence , are neglected or abused , or live in families with mental illness , such as depression or substance abuse .
poorly designed structures ,
light-emitting diode bulbs have very long life ( > 15 years if used of 4-5 hours every day ) and are not likely to fuse .
He mentioned the efforts made for the MSME sector , such as approval for loans upto Rs 1 crore in 59 minutes .
PM said ,  ” Sankranti wishes to my sisters and brothers of Karnataka .
prompt treatment is crucial .
ensure subsidized food , medicines and drinking water and cleanliness to the patients and their attendants  ;
pimples are very normal in adolescence , and there is no way to avoid them altogether .
Our festivals are replete with fragrance of the essence of Unity in Diversity and the spirit of One India Great India .
when there is insufficient blood pressure to deliver blood to the coronary arteries ( the arteries that supply blood to the heart 's muscle ) , a person can develop chest pain or even a heart attack .
children are not seen as people who have a mind of their own , a view to express , the capacity to make a choice and an ability to decide .
The Prime Minister also warmly recalled the successful visit of President Moon Jae-in to India in July 2018 , which imparted fresh momentum to India-Republic of Korea Special Strategic Partnership .
according to the data published in march 2017 , by power reactor information system of international atomic energy agency , india is ranked at 13th position in terms of power generation .
to ensure ultimate repatriation and rehabilitation of the missing children .
tsunami-driven floodwater may have damaged buildings where you least expect it .
copy of ration card/voter card/adhaar card of the applicant as proof of residence copy of factory licence along with copy of receipt of current licence fees paid part 2 registration ( for units ) and copy of last payment record ( for mills ) .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Australia for Cooperation in the Disability Sector .
to improve participation of students with disabilities in classes ix and x and at the pre-matric stage of education .
The Prime Minister said that there is unprecedented investment being made today in infrastructure , agriculture , technology , health sector , and education sector .
know mobile money identifier
The Prime Minister also unveiled a plaque to mark the launch of Digital Nerve Centres for primary healthcare .
she should breastfeed as often as possible when she is with the infant and express her breastmilk when they are apart so that another caregiver can feed it to the baby in a clean and safe way .
if the wound is in an arm or leg and the bleeding profuse , lay the causality down and raise the arm or leg above the level of the heart .
in a year , two crops of vegetables can be grown .
how to fix them  ?
this will ensure identification of high risk status ( like anemia , gestational diabetes , hypertension , infection etc . ) at the time of examination and further advice .
exercise for bones
for example if one ton coir pith is divided into 10 portions , in the first layer , 100 kg poultry litter is added .
in the case of 3 ( a )
access to adequate and timely credit to farmers
after about age 60 , the number of cells in the spinal cord begins to decrease .
choose the distributor of your choice from the cluster .
new employee should have joined in the establishment on or after 01 .04 .2016 and should not have been a regular employee in any employees ' provident fund registered establishment prior to this .
develop a network of quality instructors/trainers in the skill development ecosystem by establishing high quality teacher training institutions .
We have also recently launched Ayushman Bharat , our National Health Protection Mission .
certificate of gallantry award ( mandatory for category e )
He is accompanied by the Minister of Trade and Industry Ms . Marta Novakova and a large business delegation .
feeding the baby breast milk substitutes can be expensive and particularly risky if parents can not afford to buy enough of a quality breast milk substitute .
knol-khol leaves agathi colocasia leaves
there can be no one exhaustive definition about cybercrime .
some babies need to suckle the breast for comfort .
the mission seeks to  :
it is crucial to pick strong passwords that are different for each of your important accounts , and it ’ s a good practice to update your passwords regularly .
when the illness is over , the child should be given extra nutritious foods every day until she or he is at least the same weight as before the illness .
Congratulating the artists and participants for their participation in the Republic Day parade and related events , the Prime Minister said that this is a great opportunity of their lives .
assistant returning officer at taluka/tahsil level
Also approves introduction of new Scheme , NESIDS till March 2020
economic development  :
your family should evacuate your house if you live in a tsunami evacuation zone .
you can send money using the bharat interface for money app from your unified payment interface enabled bank account .
• 100% FDI under automatic route in Construction Development
national remote sensing center , department of science and technology , council of scientific and industrial research , indian institute of india , universities have done tremendous work in this regard .
“TeCHO ” in Gujarati means “support ” ; therefore , “ImTeCHO ” means “I am support . ”
before touching the casualty remember to switch off the electrical supply
washing fruits and vegetables in safe and clean water .
lifestyle  :
· BRICS STI Technology Transfer and SMME Forum ( Pretoria )
the day is observed on march 26th every year .
cartilage degeneration and joint inflammation occur
the budget for the scheme shall be provided from the funds available with the department .
Let me re-iterate some of my expectations from scientists .
trained health workers and clinics should offer information and advice to empower women to make decisions about family planning and to help women and men choose a family planning method that is acceptable , safe , convenient , effective and affordable .
The Noida city , located in Gautam Buddha Nagar District of Uttar Pradesh State , was created under the Uttar Pradesh Industrial Area Development Act .
in pursuance to the goal - housing for all by 2022 , the rural housing scheme indira awas yojana has been revamped to pradhan mantri awaas yojana – gramin and approved during march 2016 .
Through PM Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana , farmers with less than 5 acres will get Rs 6000 per annum in their bank accounts .
however , many private sector employers now offer jobs to persons with disabilities realising that their employment is an economically viable proposition .
regular turning is needed ( every 5 days ) .
They also discussed export control and non-proliferation .
conducting of meetings and discussions of farmers in targeted areas to form organic farming cluster @ rs . 200 / farmer
post matric scholarships under ministry of labour & employment
The Prime Minister mentioned the second announcement as a 2 percent interest subvention for all GST registered MSMEs , on fresh or incremental loans .
it treats it more seriously than normal and criminal force by allowing the police to make arrests for such crimes without a warrant .
poisons which arise from contact come from certain horticultural and agricultural pesticides , and treatment for these conditions has been included .
components
The percentage annual compound rate of decline in TFR during 2011-16 has been observed as 1 .7% ; and
The Prime Minister announced the doubling of routine incentives given by the Union Government to ASHA workers .
childrens ' science section teaches children in an interactive , easy , visual way to help them in learn science about scientific phenomena , encourages creative thinking and active participation in learning process .
showroom  :
benefits of rupay card
however , the following category of students are not eligible for award of scholarships under the scheme  : -
if in the open , cover your face and body with a wet handkerchief , towel , dhoti or sari .
These include connecting Kandla to Mumbai and Porbandar to Ahmedabad and Mumbai through UDAN scheme .
Prime Minister has also paid tributes to Former President Dr . Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan , on his birth anniversary .
31/Jul
to ensure timely tracking of “ missing children  ”
if children continue to be breastfed up to two years and beyond , the health and development of millions of children would be greatly improved .
reduce infant mortality rate to 25/1000 live births
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has saluted Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya , on his birth anniversary .
do not give any kind of medication
what is the timeline to approve a collect request by a payer  ?
use fans and/or air conditioners .
and the replacements shall be done through designated retail stores that will be communicated after the distribution ends .
provision of counseling , legal aid , vocational training and guidance .
Background :
NHB is an All India Financial Institution( AIFl ) , set up in 1988 , under an Act of Parliament , viz . the National Housing Bank Act , 1987 ( Central Act No . 53 of 1987 ) .
not every bite poses a risk of rabies , but a bite or scratch from a stray animal , sick animal , an animal that is behaving strangely , or an unprovoked attack would suggest a rabies risk .
also , it doesn ’ t generate carbon dioxide when burnt , not unlike other power sources .
The government is planning to develop more such airports across the country
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today dedicated the Mohanpura Project to the Nation .
I begin ‘Mann Ki Baat’ today with a heavy heart .
feed and water consumption decline .
I am delighted to welcome President Lukashenku to India .
livelihoods
mission objectives
the risk is less than 2 per cent , which is similar to that of other family planning methods .
indian food composition tables
0 .0075 % p .a for electronic segment & 0 .05 % p .a . for physical segment ( these charges are loaded on retirement solutions limited , hence would be borne by individual subscriber )
skill sub-mission  : convergence
examine the casualty ’ s mouth .
to join the platform , click here .
horsegram ( whole ) ,
the e-kranti framework addresses the electronic delivery of services through a portfolio of mission mode projects that cut across several government departments .
“ healthy ageing  ” is defined by the world report on ageing and health as the process of developing and maintaining the functional ability that enables well-being in older age .
accidentally fires from open grates , gas and electric fires
hydrogen can be stored physically as either a gas or a liquid .
they can take up fish-pig farming easily .
in addition , people with diabetes also have a higher risk of developing infections .
He said that the Government has launched the Atal Innovation Mission to promote innovation among our scientists .
In the words of RabindraNath Tagore :
on filtering , 6-7 litre of extract can be obtained .
digital signature creation and affixing and digital signature certificate acceptance in accordance with provisions of information technology act .
include green leafy vegetables regularly in the diet .
pre-matric scholarship for students with disabilities
children who feel secure and loved usually do better in school , are more self-confident , have good self-esteem and are able to cope more easily with life 's challenges .
That is the wonder of India Stack– simply the largest set of Application Programming Interface in the world .
most people with diabetes will develop some form of eye disease ( retinopathy ) causing reduced vision or blindness .
legal , consultancy and training expenses for building institutions of the borrowers viz . individuals . federation or credit cooperative etc .
unhealthy diet
developers who are developing merchant applications must generate a examples fully compliant to specification in previous section and then create a code of that examples
women facing physical , sexual , emotional , psychological and economic abuse , irrespective of age , class , caste , education status , marital status , race and culture will be facilitated with support and redressal .
the central government has issued a directive to the state governments , under section 20a of the pradhan mantri khanij kshetra kalyan yojana act , 1957 , laying down the guidelines for implementation of pradhan mantri khanij kshetra kalyan yojana and directing the states to incorporate the same in the rules framed by them for the district mineral foundations
‘ trackchild ’ holds the live data base of ‘ missing ’ & ‘ found ’ children and tracks the overall progress of the children living in the child care institutions .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the following proposals of the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion :
agriculture mechanization
for storage of books and contingencies etc . , the cost of steel almirah for storing books of each book bank including contingencies like transportation etc . the following expenses are admissible  :
MoU on Future Strategy Group
This is the strength of Ek Bharat , Shreshtha Bharat and that of Vande Bharat ,
Exporting companies shall submit application through the Agean Exporters Association ( EIB ) ( responsibility given by law ) to TMO for obtaining membership of the online System .
do not give any food or liquid by mouth
no scholarship will be paid to the students under this scheme from the date he/she accepts an other scholarships/stipend .
the categories of handicapped persons benefited by this scheme are the blind , the deaf and the orthopeadically handicapped with 1 % reservation for each category .
For nomination blocks , NOCs will be allowed to explore and exploit unconventional hydrocarbons under the existing fiscal and contractual terms of exploration/lease license .
hallmarked - all coins will be hallmarked as per the ashok chakra standards .
It is that place where the power to dream comes and aspirations are fulfilled .
PM will inaugurate 9 MW Dah Hydroelectric project .
resources required for effective implementation of a govt . scheme can not be leveraged in the absence of a mechanism for collaborative working with other budget holders .
He said the areas of the country that are near the sea , can become centres of our blue revolution .
user can generate mobile pin using this service .
extra care , even hand feeding may be required in first two day .
In this context , he mentioned humanitarian relief and rescue efforts , the International Solar Alliance , and membership of key regimes such as MTCR , Wassenaar Arrangement , and Australia Group .
· Second Meeting of the BRICS E-commerce Working Group – 10 May ( East London )
We are working together on other similar types of centers as well .
the database of agencies related to energy product sales and service , schemes , funding , etc is presented in this section .
Minister of Statistics and Programme Implementation ; and Minister of Chemicals and Fertilizers
if you are submitting your document as “ save as draft  ” , in that case you will be able to edit the form before final submission
This is one of the first , high speed and high frequency rail based Regional Rapid Transit System ( RRTS ) project .
kernel smut
users can watch a short educational film on electronic voting machine
fixing appointment with a government officer using myvisit / evisitor
He will unveil the plaque to mark the serving of 3rd billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir .
file a complaint
policies and acts
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers .
14105  : custom tailoring
the average amount of fund raised through equity was about rupees fourteen thousand crore per annum .
eligibility and credit limit
rs . 5000/- per apprentice as a basic training cost shall be made after successful completion of basic training and the remaining basic training cost i .e . rs . 2500/- per apprentice shall be paid after completion of apprenticeship training by the apprentice .
We have seen the damage such laziness , incompetence or perhaps some hidden motives , can cause to the nation .
the girl should have been married after 19 years
importance of nutrition including iron - folic acid consumption and calcium supplementation .
We want to make India a global manufacturing hub .
vitamins are important for pregnant women .
in order to get this life certificate the individual drawing the pension is required to either personally present oneself before the pension disbursing agency or have the life certificate issued by authority where they have served earlier and have it delivered to the disbursing agency .
public authority is a person who is responsible to give the information .
( ii ) post graduate courses not covered under group a
About the development in Tripura , PM told that the progress is now on a new trajectory .
food , especially meat and poultry , should be cooked all the way through .
The Prime Minister observed that resources available for this work should be used optimally throughout the year .
Implementation Strategy and Targets :
scholarship will not be paid for the period of internship/houseman ship in the m .b .b .s . course or for a practical training in other course if the student is in receipt of some remuneration during the internship period or some allowance/stipend during the practical training in other course .
signs & symptoms of diabetes
blindness or low vision
Stories like these are innumerable .
these are called moderators .
The Paika Rebellion ( Paika Bidroha ) was fought against British rule , in Odisha in 1817 .
20 days ( 1/2 dose )
the scholarships are open to nationals of india only .
do not apply chillies , mustard oil or any other irritant on the bite wounds
how to apply
injecting substances with shared needles and syringes greatly increases the likelihood of getting hiv .
a preliminary analysis of energy used in irrigation suggests that 30 to 50 % of the total energy used could be saved through improved technology . i .e . more efficient valves pumps , proper design and construction of well and by better use of the water that is applied .
employ people as manual scavengers to clean insanitary latrines .
information , the disclosure of which would endanger the life or physical safety of any person or identify the source of information or assistance given in confidence for law enforcement or security purposes
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Palghar district of Maharashtra .
making remarks which are of a sexual nature
social security
• The MoU would lead to set up a Joint Working Group , drawing members from DOS/ISRO , and the Ministry of Transport and Communication ( MTC ) , which will further work out the plan of action including the time-frame and the means of implementing this MoU .
the system can not be adopted in all parts of india due to religious consideration but it has special significance in the north eastern region as it can improve the socioeconomic status of weaker rural communities , especially the tribals who traditionally raise pigs at their backyards and fond of eating fish .
evolution of scheme
an aggrieved person or on her behalf a protection officer or service provider can request to a person in charge of a shelter home or a medical facility to provide shelter or medical aid to her .
they should continue to take iron tablets to prevent anemia , especially since they lost blood during delivery .
The Prime Minister will then arrive at Bamrauli Airport , Prayagraj .
weight reducing diet must be in rich in protein and low in carbohydrate and fat .
“Saddened by the demise of former Meghalaya Governor Mr . M .M . Jacob .
a child has diarrhoea when she or he passes three or more watery stools a day .
special provisions for fifth schedule areas
In the agricultural sector , the Prime Minister spoke of the increase in support price of Copra .
stir with wooden plank in the morning till solution becomes milky white
register your complaint online with bank
provides services for minor / major repairs & servicing of emergency management and research institute network vehicles so as to facilitate and keep the field operations intact .
Addressing the gathering , the Prime Minister thanked President Putin for this partnership .
according to a study , about 53 % of children surveyed , reported having faced one or the other form of sexual abuse in their lifetime .
loosen clothing .
article 19 ( 1 ) under which every citizen has freedom of speech and expression and have the right to know how the government works , what role does it play , what are its functions and so on .
In a significant boost to development of infrastructure , connectivity , energy security and health care services in Bihar , Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi unveiled projects worth Rs .33 ,000 crores in Barauni today .
Union Cabinet had given approval for the Phase-2 of Ahmedabad Metro Rail Project in February 2019 .
she should be bred on the second day if she is still in standing heat .
After completion of this 5 year period , the SBRT entity shall be required to meet the 30% sourcing norms directly towards its India’s operation , on an annual basis .
brain death
legal provisions to combat illegal movie downloads
fishermen
sleep for eight hours at night and rest for another two hours during the day and refrain from doing heavy work , especially lifting heavy weights
‘ affected family ’ as defined under section 3 of the right to fair compensation and transparency in land acquisition , rehabilitation and resettlement act , 2013
the following must be ensured  :
poor nutrition during pregnancy
if there is good chance that the child would suffer from physical or mental abnormalities which would leave him or her seriously handicapped .
The key focus of meeting was to finalize guidelines for implementation of Paris Agreement in post 2020 period .
some people think that drinking liquids makes diarrhoea worse .
PM mentioned about Akshaya Patra Foundation on October 24 , 2018 , during the launch of ‘Self4Society’ App in New Delhi .
right to education act 2009 - right to education ( rte ) act 2009 guarantees free and compulsory education to all the children in the country till the age of 14 .
iv . Establishing collaborations among tertiary care centres in both countries such as AUMS ; and
the signature option includes biometric or esign authentication ( optionally with esign ) through a registered mobile in the aadhaar database .
duck husbandry practices
the courts in united states of america have already begun taking cognizance of various kinds of fraud and cybercrimes being perpetuated in cyberspace .
the variety of non-institutional options include  : sponsorship and foster care including group foster care for placing children in a family environment which is other than child ’ s biological family , which is to be selected , qualified , approved and supervised for providing care to children .
The Assamese and Manipuri language versions of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s Official website , www .pmindia .gov .in were launched today .
my issuer
additional allowances for scheduled castes students with disabilities
“Strongly condemn the barbaric terrorist attack on a place of worship in Egypt .
the one time password allows the user to confirm the registration  ;
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Cooperation ( MoC ) between India and Japan .
student have to go register using the “ student registration page  ” on the national scholarships portal .
they may be permanently disabled .
Government has opened more than 3600 Jan Aushadhi Kendras all over the country , where more than 700 generic medicines are available at affordable price .
supplementary strategies
Under the new arrangement with Home Minister as Chairman and Minister of DoNER as Vice Chairman , NEC and all the Governors and Chief Ministers of North Eastern States as Member would provide a forum for discussing inter-state matters more comprehensively and also consider common approaches to be taken in future .
improve the understanding of disaster risk , hazards , and vulnerabilities
examination of the fluid can reveal infection ( such as meningitis due to bacteria , a virus , or tuberculosis ) or blood from hemorrhage .
the customer should realize that when he is not receiving any calls or notifications for a long time against his e-wallet uses , he should make enquiries with his mobile operator to be sure about not falling victim to such scam .
• Being a comprehensive Union Law , the Bill adopts best practices from State laws , while entrusting the primary responsibility of implementing the provisions of the legislation to the State Governments .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with the Indian Community in Tokyo .
Dr . Wohn Kwang Yun , Chairman , National Research Council of Science and Technology ( NST )
PM also inaugurated the electrification of Railway Lines on the following sectors : Barauni-Kumedpur , Muzaffarpur-Raxaul , Fatuha-Islampur ,· Biharsharif-Daniawan .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the following :
labour inspection scheme
seek your doctor ’ s advice about ways to prevent osteoporosis or the treatment options available .
if the pregnancy would be harmful to your life or physical or mental health .
cabinet papers including records of deliberations of the council of ministers , secretaries and other officers provided that the decisions of council of ministers , the reasons thereof , and the material on the basis of which the decisions were taken shall be made public after the decision has been taken , and the matter is complete , or over  ; provided further that those matters which come under the exemptions specified in this section shall not be disclosed
At the same event , the Prime Minister distributed certificates and employment letters etc to select beneficiaries under various development schemes , including Deen Dayal Upadhyay Grameen Kaushal Vikas Yojana , Mukhya Mantri Gramodaya Yojana and National Rural Livelihood Mission .
where can i file a complaint for a dishonoured cheque  ?
the nose of a child with a cough or cold should be cleared often , especially before the child eats or goes to sleep .
· Meeting of the BRICS Ministers of Environmental Affairs – 18 May ( Durban )
appropriate weightages have been given for each parameter .
ask the insurance agent about the benefits from multi-hazard insurance schemes .
list of enclosures
medical benefits are needed by pregnant women , new mothers and newborns for prenatal , childbirth and post-natal services , and hospitalization when necessary .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Finland for collaborating based on mutual interest in the field of Biotechnology , for funding and implementing ambitious industry-led innovative and transnational projects within the broad scope of research development and innovation .
the labour identification number will be the primary reference number for all communication to be made under the employees ' provident fund organisation scheme .
He said the monuments like National War Memorial and National Police Memorial will create awareness amongst the citizens regarding the contributions of security forces .
India’s per capita income has doubled in the last ten years .
when a muscle has no nourishment , it `` atrophies '' or wastes away .
piped natural gas distributors in difficult and special areas ( like hilly regions , forests area , tribal inhabited area , sparsely populated , disturbed area , islands , left wing extremism affected areas ) will be set up where setting up of gramin and rurban vitrak are not feasible .
there are different provisions in the general law on crimes ( the indian penal code , 1860 ) and the law on information technology ( the information technology act , 2000 ) which make posting private pictures without your permission a crime .
consequently , all land-based development programmes and the land reforms division were brought under this department .
to know the scheme-wise and state-wise process flow for processing the submitted application , click here .
However , we should desist from creating an atmosphere of pessimism in the country .
First edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit was held in 2003 under the guidance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi who was then the Chief Minister of Gujarat , to give a spur to the investments in Gujarat .
all hazard approach -
small amounts of wireless signal can travel significant distance and its possible to peep in to these signals using a wireless sniffer .
lay down broad policies and guidelines for the functioning of the national institute of disaster management .
storage of hydrogen as a liquid requires cryogenic temperatures because the boiling point of hydrogen at one atmosphere pressure is −252 .8°c .
The Prime Minister gave away awards to winners of national essay , painting and film competitions , and also visited a digital display gallery .
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us .
india has an estimated 20 ,000 tonnes of gold lying idle with indian households and institutions .
towards this , it has the following responsibilities  : -
aims at attaining single digit neonatal mortality rate by 2030 , five years ahead of the global plan
He announced “Gagan-Yaan ” a manned space mission , to be undertaken by India by 2022 , using its own capabilities .
In this context , he also mentioned the 1000 Anganwadi Centers whose foundation stone was laid today .
funding support and incentives
suddenly becoming emotional , unfriendly , sad , lazy or unhelpful
this type of scan is not available at all hospitals .
and ( 2 ) geared to help them develop their skills to make healthy and responsible life decisions .
care during pregnancy and preparation for child birth
first observation is volume reduction of waste material .
a 20 grams bar/bullion will also be available .
It was a BJP supported non-Congress Government that did both these things .
trouble with walking  :
For a long time , the small and medium enterprises or the MSME in our country had to pay higher taxes than the big industries .
exclusions categories of applicants not eligible under electronic clearing system
footpaths normally lead uphill and inland , while many roads parallel coastlines .
Well done Sathish Kumar Sivalingam for clinching a Gold in the 77 kg weight category .
birth certificate of a girl child in whose name the account is opened shall be submitted by the guardian at the time of opening of the account in post office or bank along with other documents relating to identity and residence proof of the depositor .
overall target of number of light-emitting diode lights to be replaced in 3 years - 770 million
These include houses under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana , urban drinking water supply schemes , urban solid waste management , urban sanitation , urban transportation and urban landscape projects .
classical swine fever or hog cholera is one of the most important and devastating viral diseases of pigs .
food is changed in to glucose  :
lean forward
it also facilitates the organizations working in these areas to select appropriate skill and expertise from the available pool of volunteer – pensioners .
on qualifying higher secondary education
article 15 ( 2 ) states that no citizen ( including the disabled ) shall be subjected to any disability , liability , restriction or condition on any of the above grounds in the matter of their access to shops , public restaurants , hotels and places of public entertainment or in the use of wells , tanks , bathing ghats , roads and places of public resort maintained wholly or partly out of government funds or dedicated to the use of the general public .
Mishmi tribes of Arunachal Pradesh claim their relationship with tigers .
burns and scalds can have distressing effects , such as scarring , deformity and mental trauma  ; these effects can all be long-lasting , and sometimes even permanent .
The Prime Minister said that the roadmap for New India , is the fulfillment of the aspirations of its people , through Jan Bhagidaari ( people’s participation ) .
cyberstalking and cyberharassment are very similar
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi visited Hazaribagh in Jharkhand on 17 February ,2019 .
31 . Noting the potential and mutual benefit , the two sides agreed to cooperate and collaborate in joint defence production of spare parts for Naval and Land systems as well as supply chain development , in line with ‘Make in India’ and ‘Vision 2030’ .
Happy that the Bharat Ratna has been conferred on Bhupen Da . ” the Prime Minister said .
Mr . Jorge Faurie , Foreign Affairs Minister
things to watch out for  :
a healthy mother , a safe birth , essential newborn care and attention , a loving family and a clean home environment contribute greatly to newborn health and survival .
a multilingual call centre to cater to the needs of those who face difficulty in registration or have other queries .
Can Israel play a role in this ?
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will launch the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana ( PMJAY ) at Ranchi , Jharkhand , on September 23 , 2018 .
In 2016 , Akshaya Patra commemorated the serving of 2 billion cumulative meals in the presence of the then President of India , Pranab Mukherjee .
the virus can not be transmitted through intact skin , so touching , petting or being close to the animals is not a risk .
This gesture was deeply appreciated by both the Government and the people of Myanmar , especially by the families of those who will be released from Indian jails .
increase in natural resource use efficiency by early recycling of nutrients .
any amount collected as security deposit must be refunded at the end of the course and need to be in the proper records .
well-regulated and stable financial markets open to foreign investors .
while common sense would suggest that coughing and sneezing spread the common cold , these are actually very poor mechanisms for spreading a cold .
this can lead to kidney failure .
many will have swollen joints ( arthritis ) and production drops .
seek help from either close relatives or community –based health functionaries such as anganwadi worker and the trained birth attendant ) .
the portal provides information on these topics of importance .
in addition , merchants may modulate the signal strength of their wi-fi network so that it does not extend too far from the area of use or shop or building .
refusal to open deposit accounts without any valid reason for refusal
this is often a fatal disorder .
Hence , it’s important that the citizens cooperate with the security personnel , PM said .
He laid the foundation stone of Defence Corridor in Jhansi and unveiled various development projects .
The children can be made to take the stairs instead of taking the lift .
The Prime Minister said , “Remembering our beloved former President , Dr . APJ Abdul Kalam on his birth anniversary .
since the common cold is caused by a virus , antibiotics will not help it get better .
And ,our energy agenda in Indiais inclusive ,market based ,and climate-sensitive .
maize
abdominal examination
He interacted with 35 beneficiaries of PMAY ( U ) – one from each State/UT .
Portals and Social Media associated with Consumer Protection have also been integrated .
based on your information provided , your details will be verified centrally
finding contact information of nearest local help
minor forest produce
this should be encouraged , as it develops their imagination and creativity .
appropriate solid and liquid waste management
impersonation occurs when a fraudster steals information and then poses as a genuine user to do a transaction using the stolen e-wallet details and password .
field standards
• A hospital with a capacity of 750 beds , trauma center facilities
anganwadi worker and anganwadi helper
These fishermen have already left to their respective States .
the scheme is being administered through life insurance corporation of india .
for locally-generated tsunamis , where you might feel the ground shake , you may only have a few minutes to move to higher ground .
i am pregnant because contraceptives did not work properly .
be alert for gas leaks - do not smoke or use candles , lanterns , or open flames .
keep food in clean , covered containers to protect it from insects and animals
on death , due to accident
Exchange of information/exchange visits of SPS experts ,
a disaster refers to a catastrophe , mishap , calamity or grave occurrence from natural or man-made causes , which is beyond the coping capacity of the affected community .
Therefore I am happy to stand here in Ramallah with President Mahmoud Abbas who is a very old friend of India .
all mothers , especially those lacking the confidence to breastfeed , need encouragement and support from the child 's father and their families , neighbours , friends , health workers , employers and women 's organizations .
fruits and vegetables are often treated with chemicals such as pesticides and herbicides , which can be harmful .
coughing blood
learning capacity is expanding , and she or he is learning to read , write and do problem solving in a school environment
Cabinet has also approved the provision of funds of Rs . 420 crore for the first phase expenditure towards establishment of the Central Tribal University .
rabindra sangeet , nazrul geeti , atulprasad
the scheme will be offered by all public sector general insurance companies and all other insurers who are willing to join the scheme and tie-up with banks for this purpose .
theatre
threatening or obscene e-mail  ;
diseases
bad- smelling vaginal discharge and vomiting or diarrhea .
the entire project is being funded by universal service obligation fund , which was set up for improving telecom services in rural and remote areas of the country .
Though some of these advanced biofuels have successfully been deployed in few countries , India is still awaiting its deployment in transport sector .
children have different experiences during childhood .
earnings are exempt from capital gains tax , wealth tax and income tax .
it increases the risk of miscarriage , premature labour and having a low-birthweight baby .
This will help to develop Agra as a modern world class smart city , befitting its stature as a premium tourist destination .
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the PETROTECH – 2019 at India Expo Centre , Greater Noida , Uttar Pradesh on 11th February 2019 .
for non -below poverty line applicant , payment of rs 10 can be made through internet banking & its associate banks and debit/credit cards of master/visa .
He also spoke of the splendid performance of Korea in the Indian sport – Kabaddi – at the Asian Games .
He spoke about the progress being made in sanitation .
Other than all these , 32 Heads of State or Government from Africa have visited India in the last four years .
all existing as well as new schools need to conform to safety standards as per the national building code .
the curator tells you the date of your death and you have to accept it
besides consolidating and coordinating skilling efforts , it also aims to expedite decision making across sectors to achieve skilling at scale with speed and standards .
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Lalitgiri Museum .
the programme includes elimination of open defecation , conversion of unsanitary toilets to pour flush toilets , eradication of manual scavenging , municipal solid waste management and bringing about a behavioural change in people regarding healthy sanitation practices .
continue to breastfeed and ensure the child has enough food and a variety of family foods
Deputy Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu
for this reason , government agencies will have a critical role to play in preparing and responding to heat- waves at a local level , working closely with health and other related departments on long term strategic plan .
The Prime Minister will also lay the Foundation Stone for the upgradation of Government Medical Colleges at Bhagalpur and Gaya .
humus acts as rich source of fertilizers for crops .
The annual rate of decline of IMR between 2015 and 2018 was 8 .1% ;
note  :
status  : to indicate whether the document is esigned or not .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has paid tributes to the Indian soldiers who fought in the First World War .
again it may help in identifying the poison swallowed
provide such support to other countries affected by major disasters as may be determined by the central government
this discharge is called lochia .
concepts of adaptation and examples from day to day life , adaptation strategies and stories from field .
promoting involvement of voluntary agencies and individuals for rural development .
the following first aid can also be taken .
close doors/windows .
any advocate as defined under the advocates act , 1961 who is entitled to practice law as per the rules laid down by bar council of india from time to time , who is well­ versed with the provisions of the relevant acts and rules , and is actively involved in filing and disposal of applications for patents , trademarks and designs
life certificate  :
He noted that persons of Indian origin are today Prime Ministers of Mauritius , Portugal and Ireland .
a confirmation screen will appear displaying change of mobile pin successfully .
whoever intentionally insults or intimidates a person with disability , or sexually exploits a woman or child with disability , shall be punishable with imprisonment between six months to five years and fine .
funds will be released after the couples are selected and documents have been checked by jansankhya sthirata kosh .
Shri Manoj Sinha , Minister of State , Ministry of telecommunications , India
to know if your bank supports unified payment interface , click here .
praise the child 's achievements , provide reassurance when the child is afraid and continue to give consistent affection every day .
more of the dark skin around the mother 's nipple can be seen above the baby 's mouth than below it
preparing and filing responses to examination reports 4nd other queries , notices or letters by the industrial policy and promotion office  ;
banking tip  :
further , as aadhaar number is unique and does not change over the lifecycle of an individual , the 12-digit aadhaar number is sufficient enough to transfer any payments to an individual .
this is expected to improve quality of life in rural india and to correct the developmental imbalances , aiming in the process , to reach out to most disadvantaged sections of the society .
what is social networking  ?
classical hindustani music ( vocal and instrumental ) classical carnatic music ( vocal & instrumental etc . )
if needed , scan with latest updated antivirus and products before installing such applications
an example of landslide hazard zonation map at 1  : 50 ,000 scale from a part of himalayas in chamoli district ( pachauri , 1992 ) shown here is based upon several geological , geotechnical parameters .
step 4  : wash thumbs
about 30 ducks are sufficient to fertilize a pond of 1000 sq .m .  ; this number only needs a ( house ) floor area of 13 to 14 m2 .
to protect and promote intellectual property rights of start-ups and thus encourage innovation and creativity among them .
PM said that he was proud that his Government gave Bharat Ratna to Gopinath Bordoloi , Bhupen Hazarika .
Addressing a rally at Kothi Meena Bazaar in Agra today , the Prime Minister said ,  ”With the projects like Gangajal project , and facilities like CCTV cameras , we are taking steps towards making Agra a Smart City . ”
He became the Chief Minister of Goa for the first time on 24th October , 2000 and continued till 27th February , 2002 .
after breeding animals should be fed a limited but well balanced ration until the last six weeks of pregnancy and then full feeding should be resumed to avoid pregnancy complications .
do an hour of yoga instead of running on a treadmill
PM to unveil various development projects
9th week
the immunizations in the child 's first year and into the second year are especially important .
these children need special attention , care and encouragement to eat , play and interact with others in order to become healthy .
PM summed it up saying that it is essential to ensure the benefits of development reach all sections of society .
manufacture of leather products
at the biological level , ageing results from the impact of the accumulation of a wide variety of molecular and cellular damage over time .
The launch of the 100th satellite by ISRO signifies both its glorious achievements , and also the bright future of India’s space programme .
The Prime Minister said that during the implementation of GST , there was active follow up on complaints and suggestions .
He praised the role of CISF in safeguarding and protecting the vital institutions of the country .
This train will connect Varanasi with Surat and Vadodara in Gujarat .
the portal provides information related to the national health mission and various health related policies and schemes .
· BRICS Astronomy Conference ( Sutherland : SALT – Southern African Large Telescope )
after delivery a woman has to make both physical and emotional adjustments and she needs support and understanding .
where one party is unable to give a valid consent due to unsoundness of mind or is suffering from a mental disorder of such a kind and extent as to be unfit for ‘ marriage for procreation of children ’
for example , they should use mosquito nets when they sleep and avoid drinking contaminated water
a social network is a social structure made of nodes ( which are generally individuals or organizations ) that are tied by one or more specific types of interdependency , such as values , visions , ideas , financial exchange , friendship , kinship , dislike , conflict or trade
they range from stationary power , portable power to transportation , etc .
the department of rural development is implementing a number of programmes in rural areas through the state governments for poverty reduction , employment generation , rural infrastructure habitant development , provision of basic minimum services etc .
Shri Narendra Modi asserted that the youth of India now refuse to accept corruption .
He launched several development projects worth Rs . 1500 crores and laid foundation stones of various Projects .
the cause of a transient ischemic attack is a temporary decrease in blood supply to the part of brain .
use the browser reset feature to undo the changes you see and get your settings back to normal .
provide correct and accurate information to government official .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved India’s Membership for European Bank for Reconstruction & Development ( EBRD )
mature sows gain 30 - 35 kg and gilts 40 - 45 kg during pregnancy .
stop in open area .
limited understanding of school safety concept  :
if a woman is infected with hiv , there is a risk that she can pass the infection to her infant through breastfeeding .
passing certificate/mark sheet of previous academic year
the step-wise process is as follows
They can also withstand adverse agro-climatic conditions .
Adoption of these holistic practices leads to increased health and wellness in individuals and in communities .
involving knowledge institutions and professionals in developing climate change adaptation and mitigation strategies for specific agro climatic situations and promoting them through appropriate farming systems
subcutaneously or intraperitonealy .
layer requires 120-170 gm feed/day/bird .
The foundation stone of these colleges were laid by PM in 2017 .
It was conceived by Prime Minister Abe and I when we visited Varanasi together in 2015 .
thereafter , five such adarsh grams ( one per year ) will be selected and developed by 2024 .
the medicine and diet used for the treatment of disorders are also composed of the same five basic elements .
secure yourself financially
walk if you need to go short distance . do not drive
To prevent , control and manage diseases like cancer we need action from all sections of society including NGOs and private sector .
Laying the foundation stone of Defence Corridor , PM told that the Defence corridor in Jhansi Agra stretch would create a lot of direct and indirect employment to the youths of this region .
truthful labelled seed
affected chickens will be chirping , with a watery discharge from the eyes and nostrils , and laboured breathing with some gasping in young chickens .
the lpg field officials will match the application against amount - 2011 database and , after ascertaining their bpl status , enter the details ( name , address etc ) into a dedicated natural gas web portal through a login/ password given by the natural gas
chemical energy is released in a chemical reaction , often in the form of heat .
This will benefit about 48 .41 lakh Central Government employees and 61 .17 lakh pensioners .
the scheme is exempted from service tax .
5th day
they are the foundation that shapes children 's future health , happiness , growth , development and learning achievement at school , in the family and community , and in life in general .
if the annuitized pension wealth does not yield an amount of rs . 1 ,000 per month , the percentage of pension wealth to be annuitised would be increased
light classical music
`` district authority '' means the district disaster management authority constituted under sub-section ( 1 ) of section 25  ;
in addition to the godown for storage of piped natural gas cylinders and showroom , delivery vehicles will be required for effecting home delivery of piped natural gas cylinders in the authorized area of operation .
Shri Gobind Singh Ji believed that the biggest service is to alleviate human suffering .
Minister of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises .
it has been reported that one tonne of paper made from 100 % waste paper gives the following benefits
maternal mortality ratio , an important indicator of maternal health in india is estimated to be 174 per 100 ,000 live births ( world health statistics 2016 ) .
In addition , the restoration and renovation work of Ranipur Jharial group of monuments in Balangir situated on the ancient trade route on this occasion .
it is non-polluting
lighting
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Colombia in the field of agriculture and fisheries .
if she breastfeeds exclusively during the first six months she reduces the baby 's risk of illness , malnutrition and death
atm problems related complaint can be submitted at nearest concern bank branch or on toll free number .
bones are so important that it is vital to keep our bones healthy throughout our lives .
On a a day-long visit to Gujarat , PM today laid the foundation stone for extension of Terminal Building of Surat Airport and inaugurated various developmental projects at Surat .
the award of quality mark shall be valid for three years , subject to maintenance of quality and food safety standards and compliance with terms and conditions of the agreement .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the continuation of Rastriya Yuva Sashaktikaran Karyakram Scheme for the Period 2017-18 to 2019-2020 with budget outlay of Rs .1160 crore as recommended by EFC .
He explained that the PM Kisan Samman Nidhi , a comprehensive scheme for farmer welfare , is part of the Government’s different approach to empower farmers .
He said the Government is receptive and open to suggestions received from CPGRAMS or on social media .
At Bhilai , the Prime Minister will dedicate the modernized and expanded Bhilai Steel Plant , to the nation .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will take part in an interaction with young innovators and start up entrepreneurs tomorrow .
typhoid
students who after failing or passing the under graduate examinations in arts/science/commerce join any recognized professional or technical certificate/diploma/degree courses will be awarded scholarships if otherwise eligible .
in case of renewal of scholarship , it will be paid from the month following the month upto which scholarship was paid in the previous year .
an embolic stroke occurs when a blood clot or other debris forms in a blood vessel away from brain commonly in heart and is swept through bloodstream to lodge in narrower brain arteries .
heat waves are more frequent over the indo-gangetic plains of india .
view internal counselling calendar
The Prime Minister said that “Minimum Government , Maximum Governance ”and “सबका साथ , सबका विकास ” form the basis for New India .
storage facilities for feed ingredients/feeds must be managed in a hygienic manner .
So many possibilities are there .
the objective of the national rurban mission is to stimulate local economic development , enhance basic services , and create well planned rurban clusters .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Protection of Human Rights ( Amendments ) Bill , 2018 for better protection and promotion of human rights in the country .
sanction of assistance shall be as per the eligibility norms of respective lending institution .
The Prime Minister appreciated the focussed suggestions made by the participants .
register with employment exchange
learn basic life support techniques and be a responsible citizen
the bitten area should not be put into the mouth .
This is apart from Rs . 341 crores already released to the State Government on 29th April , 2019 .
draw a whale on a sheet of paper , send a photo to curator .
redness
PM flagged off the first ever Diesel to Electric Converted Locomotive at Diesel Locomotive Works in Varanasi .
Minister of Law and Justice ; and Minister of Electronics and Information Technology .
saves about 15 trees
note  : sankalp is a platform where pensioners can access opportunities to work / contribute towards society and organizations / associations can select appropriate skill and expertise from the available post of human resources .
fresh subscription voucher shall be issued in the name of the beneficiary on same deposit as in original subscription voucher .
keep the person away from eating or drinking
scholars will be paid enrolment/registration , tuition , games , union , library , magazine , medical examination and such other fees compulsorily payable by the scholar to the institution or university/board . refundable deposits like caution money , security deposit will , however , be excluded .
Start-Ups are filed in 28 States , 6 Union Territories and 419 districts .
one can maintain healthy bones with a calcium rich diet and physical exercise .
The two leaders lauded the successful completion of the India-UK Year of Culture in 2017 .
what to do during a heat wave
On the occasion of Buddha Jayanti , Prime Minister Narendra Modi joined the celebrations at Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium , in New Delhi .
He became Chief Minister of Goa for the third time on 9th March , 2012 and continued till 8th November , 2014 .
( boys of more than 8 years of age need to be shifted to the children homes run under act . )
this is especially true if she delivered at home .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for promulgation of “The Central Educational Institutions ( Reservation in Teachers’ Cadre ) Ordinance , 2019 ” considering the University/ College as a unit instead of ‘Department/ Subject’ .
like this anyone can ask information from central and state government authority under this act .
they also are mainly located in the areas covered by the fifth schedule of the constitution .
head bath to be taken once or twice in a week with shampoo or any other cleansing agent ( like shikakai ) .
certificate ( s ) from relevant field such as awards , recognition , or distinction received from govt . or any prominent literary or arts society .
Let me tell you a little more about what is happening in India now .
will i go to jail or be fined for downloading a movie illegally  ?
call and help rescue teams , keep drinking water containers , first aid kit and essential medicines and avoid entering damaged houses .
relief for handicapped
also , it is now available under different names such as a silent house , a sea of whale sand wake me up at 4 :20 am .
both the mother and infant should have thorough physical examination and the infant should be immunized .
Equally exciting is the pick up in science and technology exchanges through joint R&D projects such as in areas like “Data Analytics ” and “Cyber Space security ” .
eligible farmers to be provided with a kisan credit card and a pass book or card-cum-pass book .
Prime Minister Modi thanked President Solih for the special gesture of inviting him to the Inauguration Ceremony .
secure your home .
108 services
they should look for anti-social behavior , they should personally talk to such children who don ’ t interact with the other children much or are aloof .
albendazole and mebendazole are the names of the deworming drugs used by the government of india and is a safe treatment for intestinal worms .
girls who give birth before age 15 are five times more likely to die in childbirth than women in their twenties .
personal hygiene
spreading development in the region .
These AIIMS will be set up under Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana ( PMSSY ) .
Friends , nation celebrates 75 years of independence in 2022 .
identity theft is a crime used to refer to fraud that involves someone pretending to be someone else in order to steal money or get other benefits .
passes blood in the stool
The Prime Minister also conveyed birthday greetings in advance to two of the crew – Lt . Cdr .
as a routine task , every cold chain handler enters the net utilization for each vaccine in the standardized registers at the end of every immunization day .
the main objective of the scheme is to retain the girl child in secondary school so that girl students are not denied the opportunity to continue their study due to distance to school , parents ’ financial affordability and other connected societal factors .
Under the CFS , the Govt . of India has been supporting Indian Entities bidding for strategically important infrastructure projects abroad since 2015-16 .
up to half of those whose symptoms appear to go away are actually having a stroke that 's causing brain damage .
most of the energy sources we use can not be reused and renewed -
health workers , community workers , women 's organizations and employers can also provide support .
Remote sensing of the earth
know that disasters and emergencies severely impact older people
hence , the evaluation of the lot for the purpose of checking homogeneity of the bulk seed produced as compared with the standard sample is carried out .
therefore , the state police are mandated to deal with all crime occurring in their respective jurisdictions .
They stood for increasing the role of SCO in the international affairs and believe it necessary to expand contacts and cooperation of SCO with the UN and its structures , other international and regional organizations .
• Promotion of Livestock , Dairy , Poultry and Fisheries as Engines of Growth
The Government cannot keep its eyes shut .
if the account is not closed in accordance with the provisions of sub-rule ( 1 ) , interest as per the provisions of rule 7 shall be payable on the balance in the account till final closure of the account
mission strategy
The Prime Minister said that defence and security are two important pillars of the India-France Strategic Partnership , and appreciated the growing bilateral engagement in all sectors .
Perpetrators of Pulwama terror attack act will be punished , says PM
emergency response and rescue services -
south central zonal cultural centre ,
Prime Minister will then proceed to Odisha .
send money through mobile money identifier , mobile no .
The Prime Minister said that the Government’s policies and the bravery of the Armed Forces have ensured that the use of terrorism as a proxy war in Jammu and Kashmir has not been successful .
phase ii - 15 august 2015 - 14 august 2018
immediate money transfer through mobile device round the clock 24 * 7 and 365 days .
in case you require support please contact our help desk at jeevan pramaan centre .
an issuer needs to register on digital locker system to get a unique issuer one time password .
expand the institutional base by creating additional capacity in existing institutions and establishing new institutions , in order to achieve enrolment targets .
there are various schools of thought about the origin of this medical tradition , some scholars believe that it is originated from india  ;
it should have optimum moisture content for storage - long term storage - 6 - 8 % , short term storage - 10 - 13 %
The Prime Minster said , “We have passed a historic bill to provide 10% reservation to Economically Weaker Sections of the General Category in Lok Sabha yesterday .
the diastolic blood pressure ( the bottom number ) represents the pressure in the arteries as the muscle of the heart relaxes after it contracts .
do some thing painful to yourself , make yourself sick
He was appointed as a Permanent Judge of the Gauhati High Court on 28th February , 2001 .
single central smart card to be issued to include other welfare schemes like aam aadmi bima yojana and national old age pension scheme .
to access the application form and complete guidelines , click here .
research and development
it affects nearly every child under age 5 .
At a public meeting in Bharuch , the Prime Minister also flagged off the Antyodaya Express between Udhna ( Surat , Gujarat ) and Jaynagar ( Bihar ) .
leverage existing public infrastructure for skilling
The Prime Minister said that the words “Surging India ” represent the spirit of 130 crore Indians .
the development of the villages has to be ensured through  :
no disabled person will be deprived of the right to the language , script or culture which he has or to which he belongs .
clean water from a safe source .
Stating health as a priority of the Union Government , PM said that the government is building quality health care infrastructure throughout the country , from Wellness Centres to Medical Colleges .
disability certificate ( mandatory for category b & d )
“ nodal agency  ” shall mean the central ministerial department/state government / union territory of india/any other institutionalized arrangement/any registered appointed to administer the scheme as per the rules .
encourage your child to express feelings and beliefs and to solve problems
immediate payment service facilitates easy payments to merchants using bank app .
applicants are required to upload duly attested scanned copy of the mark sheet of xth and electronic clearing system mandatorily along with the following certificate which are applicable
Foundation Stone for the Karmalichak Sewerage Network spanning 96 .54 kilometres will be laid by PM .
a dedicated shram suvidha portal  :
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today attended an interactive session with over 40 economists and other experts , organized by NITI Aayog , on the theme “Economic Policy – The Road Ahead . ”
it improves the water holding capacity ( more than 5 times its dry weight ) contributing towards increased soil moisture .
submit your application to banking ombudsman by hand or send through speed post with acknowledgment card
non-disbursement or delay in disbursement of pension ,
partnerships with ngos , for profit and not for profit health service providers and other stakeholders .
the banking ombudsman may also deal with such other matter as may be specified by the reserve bank from time to time
India welcomed Japan’s decision to join the International Solar Alliance as it will strengthen global efforts to promote the deployment of solar energy as a clean , affordable and sustainable energy option .
during indoor cooking and in the absence of sufficient ventilation fuels such as dung cause air pollution which is a serious health hazard
‘Hello Mr . Prime Minister , I am Neerja Singh calling from Kanpur .
applicants studying abroad .
poor visual tracking or blindness
The Summit aims at highlighting the geo-strategic advantages offered to investors by Assam .
driving license
The Union Government has embarked upon a major policy initiative for the rapid transformation of districts that are lagging on specific development parameters .
pensioners can submit the pensioner registration form on sankalp portal .
Similarly , the Prime Minister said that we are proud of the world’s oldest Indian languages like Tamil .
these growth centers could also be block headquarter villages or census towns .
The Prime Minister said that more than twelve crore LPG connections were provided in the last four years .
poor suckling at the breast or refusing to suckle
the depth of your well .
the passport seva is transforming passport and related services in india to provide a best-in-class experience to indian citizens .
one copy of the application for scholarship in the prescribed form ( separate application forms as have been prescribed for ‘ fresh ’ and renewal scholarship by concerned states/uts ) .
PM said “I hope each child will realise her full potential and make the nation proud ” .
they can target any environment users , whether it ’ s a home computer , endpoints in an enterprise network , or servers used by a government agency or healthcare provider .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the following :
one of the threats to the health and growth of a child under age 2 is the birth of a sibling .
citizens can take photos of the site and submit along with feedback .
India has a robust strategic partnership with all the three countries .
open doors and windows to ventilate cooking area adequately .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the young cricketers of team India on winning the Under-19 World Cup .
food processing
set up your password recovery options and keep them up-to-date
The Prime Minister said that the definition of development has changed .
underlying reasons for climate change , with a key message that the present change in the climate is due to human activities  ;
children should be savvy about how they deal with other people ( especially st rangers who they could meet online ) , and not falling prey to an online scam artist who takes advantage of their ignorance .
He will lay the Foundation Stones for a greenfield airport at Rajkot ; six-laning of Ahmedabad-Rajkot National Highway ; and four-laning of Rajkot-Morbi State Highway .
this looks like a sponge and is not as hard as the compact bone .
auditor ’ s fee for auditing credit programme records .
plenty of greens may be provided .
15 metre x 16 metre ( within the village / cluster of village limits as per the advertised location ) ( gramin vitrak )
to minimize/mitigate the adverse impacts , during and after mining , on the environment , health and socio-economics of people in mining districts  ; and
in humans
in developing a public-health response to ageing ,
card valid for 5 years subject to annual review .
processes have been streamlined with timelines for both in-country and inter-country adoption including declaring a child legally free for adoption .
ransomware can get on your email from nearly any source that any other malware ( including viruses ) can come from .
at this stage , most the patients can not complete their day-to-day tasks , and usually can not live on their own .
various insurance products that cover agriculture and allied activities , their details such as premium , coverage area , claim procedure etc are highlighted
switch to energy efficient devices
the scheme allows premature exit during the policy term under exceptional circumstances like the pensioner requiring money for the treatment of any critical/terminal illness of self or spouse .
Besides infrastructure , the Prime Minister mentioned several initiatives such as Ujjwala , and Swachh Bharat Abhiyan , which have seen rapid progress in Assam .
turn off the water , gas and electricity .
claim form duly completed in all respects
since the proper implementation of countermeasures can significantly reduce the consequences of an emergency situation , it is mandatory for all nuclear facilities that there must be a comprehensive emergency preparedness plan .
During the interaction with the Prime Minister , the children thanked the Prime Minister for introducing the new series of coins .
digital documents
to protect the health of their families , men as well as women need to be aware of the importance of
care during medical termination of pregnancy
too little water could make the diarrhoea worse .
nodal agency
The Prime Minister said that India has no shortage of capabilities , capacities and resources .
further , the country utilises adioisotopes in a variety of applications in the non-power sector , viz . , in the field of industry , agriculture , medicine , research , etc .
forcibly using woman to entertain others , any other act of sexual nature , abusing , humiliating , degrading or otherwise violative of one ’ s dignity .
The MoU will help to improve the overall public transport system in the country , improve passenger services and promote the use of high capacity buses in India .
Shareholders of the transferee bank and transferor banks shall be entitled to raise their grievances , if any , in relation to the share exchange ratio , through an expert committee .
5 . Exchange Programme of Personnel between KRRI & RDSO for limited period , for specific Projects ;
The Tarakote Marg will facilitate pilgrims visiting the shrine .
He will also visit the New Cancer Hospital and Eye Hospital in Ahmedabad .
In January 2016 , the Prime Minister , and the then French President Francois Hollande travelled from Delhi to Gurgaon , to jointly lay the foundation stone of the Headquarters of the International Solar Alliance .
ageing - scenario in india
the volunteer may extend service to transport the victim by driving the vehicle and render service if the field s staff of emergency management and research institute in ambulance are not available due to unavoidable circumstances such as sudden illness and so on .
augmenting research
for this , consult an expert .
People of the state are full of warmth .
a father should make daughters and sons feel they are equally important .
when an emergency occurs , make sure the tongue does not block the victim 's airway and that the mouth is free of any secretions and foreign objects .
national livelihoods mission has set out with an agenda to cover 7 crore rural poor households , across 600 districts , 6000 blocks , 2 .5 lakh gram panchayats and 6 lakh villages in the country through self-managed self help groups and federated institutions and support them for livelihoods collectives in a period of 8-10 years .
bottle feeding and giving a baby breastmilk substitutes such as infant formula or animal milk can threaten the baby 's health and survival .
create your user id and password by clicking “ bank  ” option ( right bottom side of website ) .
support weaker and disadvantaged sections of society through focused outreach programmes and targeted skill development activities .
a baby develops and matures into an adult .
new colleges ( professional )
members of the local bodies and panchayati raj representative
Through the unveiling of plaque , PM will dedicate the 51km pipeline from Aaji-3 to Khijadia .
head for the proper shelter or evacuation points indicated for your area .
bharat interface for money is an initiative to enable fast , secure , reliable cashless payments through your mobile phone .
family members and other caregivers can help children learn by giving them simple tasks with clear instructions , providing objects to play with and suggesting new activities . they should not dominate the child 's play .
in order to assist the state governments in the task of rehabilitation of identified and released bonded labourers , a centrally sponsored plan scheme for rehabilitation of bonded labour was in operation since may , 1978 .
these doordarshan machines are intended to be deployed at primary cooperative societies/milk societies/agricultural input dealers to facilitate agri-related transactions through digital means .
babies and very young children lose their body heat easily .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) on cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Guyana .
for example , when you pay attention to how your body reacts to having a steak or a cheeseburger , you 'll find that you feel sleepy and sluggish and that your thinking gets fuzzy .
The Cabinet decision is based on recommendations of the Committee of Secretaries ( CoS ) .
never enter your password if you ’ ve arrived at a site by following a link in an email or a chat that you don ’ t trust .
hence , awareness of internet safety norms is absolutely indispensable to make children free to explore knowledge without feeling intimidated .
a child with a fever needs careful attention .
Denmark is a global leader in several niche technologies which are of relevance to India .
The Prime Minister said that besides solar and wind power , India is working on biomass , biofuel and bio-energy .
parents or other caregivers should be able to seek help when they feel their child is not developing as expected .
SENIOR OFFICIAL AND SECTORAL MEETINGS :
special recreational centres
procedure for award of quality mark
and encouraging good practices  ;
This synergy is embodied in collaborative projects between India and Japan in the Indo-Pacific region , including in Sri Lanka , Myanmar and Bangladesh as well as in Africa .
someone took my private photos and is posting them on social media without my permission . what can i do  ?
all the states and union territories have initiated implementation of the scheme
to register for portability , the consumers need to do the following  :
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the beginning of Navratri festival .
kerala – 43
gram sabha will need to justify in writing with reasons for any alteration of priority in the original list .
Nor is Yoga only what you practice in the morning .
babies who do not receive breast milk do not receive protection from illnesses provided by the mother 's antibodies and other components that come in her milk
where a decision is taken to give access to a seniority disabled person to any document , the public information officer shall provide such assistance to the person as may be appropriate for inspection .
both partners need to know about the health benefits of family planning and the available options .
user can generate or set his/her mobile pin
National programmes of Clean Ganga , Renewable Energy , Digital India , Smart Cities , Housing for All and Skill India are laying the basis for clean , green and inclusive development .
The academic and research activities of IIPE will derive strength from the Institute’s proximity to sector-related activities such as KG-Basin , Visakhapatnam refinery and the planned Petrochemical complex at Kakinada .
in cases where , the district magistrate / sub-divisional magistrate find that immediate assistance is necessary for care and protection of the rescued persons during the pendency of the summary trial , such assistance including food , lodging , medical assistance , legal aid , provisions for victim 's or witness ' protection , etc . , shall be provided under any other law or scheme forthwith , notwithstanding the entitlements prescribed under this scheme .
the photograph and biometrics of the applicants are captured when they visit the passport seva kendras .
an accidental release of radioactivity or the potential of release of activity extending beyond the plant , but confined to the site boundary , constitutes a site emergency condition .
· Meeting of the BRICS Ministers of Foreign Affairs/International Relations ( New York , USA )
government recognizes that safety and health of workers has a positive impact on productivity and economic and social development .
implementation of risk based safety management system , providing training ,
a unique service on the national career service portal brings together the households with those who offer specialised services for homes like drivers , electricians , plumbers , carpenters and others , all of whom are local area service providers .
amenities in every passport seva kendras include helpful guides ,
digital signature certificate generation ,
the account will remain operative for 21 years from the date of opening of the account or marriage of the girl child after attaining 18 years of age .
government of india vide its gazette notification has announced a method that facilitates certifying authority to offer e-sign service to citizens who have aadhaar .
various agro based enterprises suitable for small and marginal farmers are detailed here
71 . great andamanese 72 . jarawas 73 . onges 74 . sentinelese 75 . shorn pens
types of loans provided
however , final disbursement of cash assistance and non-cash assistance shall be made upon proof of bondage and other legal consequences as per judicial process .
civic infrastructure including community halls , buildings for gram panchayat federations , playgrounds and burial grounds/ crematoria
turn the person 's head to the side if vomiting occurs , which can prevent choking
in some countries , deaths related to abortion are high among adolescent girls .
technology for financial inclusion
PM said , “As we mark the 350th Prakash Parv , I bow to the venerable Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji .
We will work with all , most of all with ASEAN , to reach an early conclusion to Regional Comprehnsive Economic Partnership .
the tenth five-year plan document also had , for the first time , a detailed chapter on disaster management .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today launched the ‘Swachhata Hi Seva’ Movement , to boost nation wide public participation in the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan , and catalyse the fulfilment of Bapu’s dream of a Clean India .
the first six months  :
book allowance for students pursuing correspondence /distance education courses
list of the schemes
“I will be visiting Nepal on 11-12 May 2018 at the invitation of the Prime Minister of Nepal Rt . Hon’ble KP Sharma Oli .
sovereign gold bonds will be issued on payment of rupees and denominated in grams of gold .
grow-out test helps in the elimination of the sub-standard seed lots .
scheduling push and pull payments for various purposes .
The Prime Minister also spoke of progress made in other spheres of development .
ponds are generally infested with different types of weeds which are not desirable for healthy growth of fish .
wards/widows of deceased personnel died for causes attributable to government service including casualties during conduct of election .
cotton ( 1 roll )
adopting sustainable and environmental friendly measures for the day-to-day management of the hospital , e .g .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today inaugurated the newly constructed Western Court Annexe in New Delhi .
Interacting with beneficiaries Prime Minister said that the total number of 28 crore bank accounts opened under Pradhan MantriJan DhanYojana during the period 2014 – 2017 is nearly 55% of the total bank accounts opened in the world .
ensure safe water supply -
consider installing enhanced mitigation experience toolkit , or similar host-level anti-exploitation tools .
scholarship to the qualified children will be paid as follows  :
the major activities to be undertaken under the scheme would comprise of  :
initially this facility is to be provided only to retiring central government employees .
containers for carrying and storing water need to be kept clean inside and outside and covered to keep the water clean .
safe disposal of all faeces – both human and animal – is the single most important action to prevent the spread of germs by people or flies .
contact the harbor authority before returning to port making sure to verify that conditions in the harbor are safe for navigation and berthing .
cyber terrorism is one distinct kind of crime in this category .
following are the few examples of information which you can ask .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today met and felicitated the medal winners of the 2018 Asian Para Games .
companies shall now be able to carry out electronic commerce using the legal infrastructure provided by the act .
the mouth contains bacteria , which can cause infection .
the required documents include
physical quality  :
the poor are unable or unwilling to take up health insurance because of its cost , or lack of perceived benefits .
the information could be utilized to create a liaison between entitled to legal services under the legal services authority act , 1987 and a qualified lawyer providing pro bono services having expertise or interest in the related matter .
the express intends to contribute towards increasing understanding of the science of climate change , the observed and anticipated impacts , and different possible responses .
The city of Surat is blessed with remarkable determination .
the manure of livestock contains a substantial amount of nutrients and biomass and its application in the pond helps in growth of phytoplankton and zooplankton , which act as a source of nutrients for fish .
scheme for award of financial assistance for education ( scholarship ) to the children of iron ore , manganese ore & chrome ore mine workers
world health organization estimates that 241 million children between the ages of 1 and 14 are at risk of parasitic intestinal worms in india , known as soil transmitted helminths
`` meri sadak '' is a versatile mobile application to empower citizens to give their critical feedback with respect to the pace of work , nature of work and pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana streets to nodal departments in the state governments/national rural roads development agency .
a standard international system of units of energy  ; 1055 joules is equal to 1 joules .
but the actual truth is that nothing could be further than the truth .
A provision of funds worth Rs . 1103 crore has been approved for the project and the said AIIMS will be set up under the Pradhan MantriSwasthya Suraksha Yojana ( PMSSY ) .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been approved the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and France on technical bilateral cooperation in the field of new and renewable energy .
PM will inaugurate Noida City Centre – Noida Electronic City Section of the Metro .
pradhan mantri gram sadak yojana administration
download the application & install on your android based smart phone/tablet or windows laptop and register yourself ( the client software will require a biometric fingerprint/ iris scanner device ) .
key provisions
applications should be submitted in prescribed form and sent to the following address
Union Home Minister Shri Raj Nath Singh , and Union Ministers of State for Home Shri Hansraj Ahir and Shri Kiren Rijiju were present on the occasion .
if clothing is still on fire , extinguish flames by dowsing with water , or cut off the air supply by wrapping casualty in a blanket , coat or other large piece of material -- - even a rug .
selection procedure
He said that this is also a result of the efforts of Namaami Gange , and the Union Government .
such piped natural gas distributors will be called as durgam kshetriya vitrak
criteria for selection of technology
broiler litter plus manure
“A Government has to work for the people of India , a Government has to be sensitive to people’s aspirations .
if you have to step in water to get to the fuse box or circuit breaker , call an electrician first for advice .
Just last Sunday , the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi that was announced in this year’s Budget was launched .
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress made so far under the Saubhagya Yojana , and said that all efforts must be made to complete the ambitious target of providing 4 crore families an electricity connection within the stipulated timeline .
the pregnant or nursing woman should not be obliged to perform work that can affect her health or that of her child .
information & communication technology infrastructure on demand
The 14thFinance Commission was set up on 02 .01 .2013 to make recommendations covering the period of five years commencing on 1st April , 2015 .
be aware that flash flooding can occur .
Financial inclusion also extends to micro , small and medium enterprises .
the employers will continue to get the 8 .33 % contribution paid by the government for these eligible new employees for the next 3 years , provided they continue in employment by the same employer .
as per the aadhaar ( targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies , benefits and services ) act , 2016 , only a resident who has resided in india for a period or periods amounting in all to 182 or more in the 12 months immediately preceding the date of application for enrolment .
the scheme will be announced by the concerned state government/union territory administration well in time , through advertisements in the leading language newspapers and local dailies and by using other suitable publicity media .
increase the frequency and length of rest breaks for outdoor activities .
Prime Minister also mentioned his discussion with Prime Minister of Singapore , on holding a Smart India Hackathon like challenge between innovators from Singapore and India .
the above list is only illustrative and not exhaustive .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated weightlifter Sathish Kumar Sivalingam on winning the Gold Medal at Commonwealth Games .
some of the acts which make provision for health of the citizens including the disabled may be seen in the mental health act , 1987 ( see later in the chapter ) .
promoting a productive partnership with the media , information technology and the corporate sector in the areas of awareness generation and capacity development .
No other relationship of India has as many layers as our relations with China .
what are the signs in teens that might indicate their inclination towards this game  ?
On the morning of 8th October , the Prime Minister will arrive in Vadnagar .
An Inter-Ministerial Group ( IMG ) will guide the process of sale .
vittiya saksharta abhiyan of digishala
Citing his commitment for the preservation of culture and heritage , the Prime Minister said that it will strengthen our cultural links and enhance the tourism potential in the state .
this abnormal heart rhythm can lead to pooling of blood in the heart and the formation of blood clots that travel elsewhere in the body .
for many students , it ’ s also a way to stay current on news , research information or shop online and downloading books , online applications etc .
preserving and promoting local cultural heritage
discharge of pus
breathlessness at rest
most commonly found parasitic disease in neh region are ascaries , strongly infection , coccidiosis and mange mite infection .
( ii ) commercial pilot license ( including helicopter pilot and multiengine rating ) course .
the national mission of financial inclusion named as the pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana seeks to integrate the poorest of the poor with bank accounts .
the objective of esign service is to offer on-line service to citizens for instant signing of their documents securely in a legally acceptable form .
if the palms and soles are yellow
usually they are no cause for alarm .
That is why the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government , he added .
problems faced by them continue to be grave particularly for illiterate & semi literate women of rural and urban areas
Government of India , ( Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region ) has already sanctioned the project titled “Construction of Mega-Festival-Cum-Multipurpose Ground with parking facilities and approach road at Tawang , Arunachal Pradesh ” in March , 2016 .
thus there is a global consensus that schools should be resumed at the earliest in the aftermath of a disaster .
as far as possible , avoid water from open wells/ponds  ; exposed crops and vegetables  ; food , water or milk from outside .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has strongly condemned the terrorist attack on a place of worship in Egypt .
forest workers
besides , urban pilots will be undertaken in and around integrated child development scheme of delhi and convergent nutrition actions pilots in some selected districts in two non - project states viz . , odisha and uttarakhand .
a trained health worker should be consulted for advice and information on national guidelines regarding use of this vaccine .
to support students with disabilities to study further in order to prepare themselves to earn their livelihood and to find a dignified place for themselves in the society as they face several barriers physical , financial , psychological , mental in pursuing studies and living with dignity .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Karnataka tomorrow – 29-10-2017 .
use of pig waste as manure  :
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today met a group of ten tribal students from Maharashtra .
Noting the strong growth in India-US strategic partnership , Prime Minister Modi underscored the importance of growing linkages with Texas in the fields of trade and commerce , energy , industry , education and people-to-people contact .
weight loss improves insulin resistance and reduces hypertension .
process to take appointment for a new patient
The Prime Minister urged the people of Gujarat to work on food processing .
He called for a concerted effort to achieve visible results in three months , till Babasaheb Ambedkar’s birth anniversary on April 14th .
health care measure to be followed in a pig farm is one of the most important factors and if not followed properly , farmer may incur a heavy loss .
announcement of the scheme
if someone is found guilty of committing the same crime more than one time , the punishment is jail time of between three and seven years along with a fine .
stage two  : in this second stage , the patient gets affected in both his limbs and both sides of the body .
persons with special needs
There is huge untapped potential in the India-South Africa partnership .
He visited Day Care Unit & OPD and interacted with the patients .
disabled persons are not to be subjected to the usual medical examination by the appointing authorities but their physical fitness should be decided on the basis of the report of the medical boards attached to the special employment exchanges for the physically handicapped for their recruitment to group ‘ c ’ and ‘ d ’ posts .
You travel around the world , I have no issues but have a look at your own country too .
global climate change is resulting in changed weather patterns and increased episodes of high intensity rainfall events occurring in shorter periods of time .
The MoU covers upgradation of the Yamethin Women’s Police Training Centre to further augment the capabilities of the Myanmar Government to build capacities of its police force with technical and financial assistance from Government of India .
while sleeping , mosquito nets should be used to keep away the mosquitoes .
common training / consultancy / networking inputs for the members ( borrowers ) relating to marketing , designing , packaging , quality control , technologies etc .
Work Plan for the year 2019-21 between Indian Council of Agriculture Research Republic of India and the State Secretary of Agro industry of the Ministry of Production and Labour of the Argentine Republic within the MoU signed in 2006 .
tsunami floodwater flushes snakes and animals out of their homes .
the ducks start laying at the age of 24 weeks .
new indane connections are available on demand in most of the parts of the country .
do not remove the foreign body .
this section covers policies , acts and best practices related to disaster management in the country .
inspection of the seed crop in the field to verify its conformity to the prescribed field standards .
President Solih expressed the hope that Prime Minister Modi will make an official visit to the Maldives in the near future .
· BRICS Financial Forum – 25 to 26 July ( Cape Town )
City Gas Distribution ensures the supply of cleaner fuel ( PNG ) to households , industrial & commercial units .
digital empowerment of citizens  :
approve plans prepared by the ministries or departments of the government of india in accordance with the national plan
is there immunization against rabies  ?
champion employers  : project implementing agencies who can assure skill training and placement for a minimum of 10 ,000 deen dayal upadhyaya trainees in a span of 2 years
The ICAI is a statutory body established by an Act of Parliament of India .
commission to bharat net
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the beginning of holy month of Ramzan .
treatment - novobiocin ( 350 ) can be given in the feed for 5-7 days .
breastfeeding  :
an aggrieved person or on her behalf a protection officer or service provider can request to a person in charge of a shelter home or a medical facility to provide shelter or medical aid to her .
supporting information
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi today delivered the opening remarks at the fourth meeting of the Governing Council of NITI Aayog , in Rashtrapati Bhawan Cultural Centre in New Delhi .
“Indian Festivals are not mere events of festivities but they are also a medium to educate the society , festivals keep us aware about the values in the society , they also teach us to live together as one community ” , the Prime Minister said .
pensioners are requested to ensure that they fill up all options ( like  : where they would like to work etc . ) after careful consideration as any change subsequently would cause all round inconvenience .
this will be done in the presence of public representatives and distinguished personalities of the area .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on Hindi Diwas .
Foundation stone of IIT Dharwad and IIIT Dharwad to be laid
scholarship under the scheme will be available for studies in india only and will be awarded by the government of the state/union territory to which the applicant belongs i .e . where she/he is domiciled .
it is proposed to offer m .tech scholarships under quality improvement program to 7500 scholarships for m tech under qip and 2500 scholarships for research under quality improvement program .
if the concerned specially abled officer could perform all the jobs as people without disability or could perform several types of jobs efficiently , no effort should be made to instruct them to certain types of jobs only .
everything she or he sees , touches , tastes , smells or hears helps to shape the brain for thinking , feeling , moving and learning .
The Prime Minister said that the young officers must imbibe all the positives from these interactions .
govt . owned dairy units
At the event , there was mass chanting of Soundarya Lahari .
And , I am glad that we recently had the sixth office of KOTRA opened in Ahmedabad .
this is especially important where early marriage is the custom and married adolescents face pressure to become pregnant .
seal the walls in your basement with waterproofing compounds to avoid seepage .
Among the projects to be dedicated are the Varanasi City Gas Distribution Project , and the Varanasi-Ballia EMU train .
amla ( usiri )
check your name in electoral rolls
the child is breathing much more quickly than usual  : from birth to 59 days
this is why high blood pressure is often called the “ silent killer  ”
under the programme , community toilets will be built in residential areas where it is difficult to construct individual household toilets .
yield losses ( standing crops , on notified area basis ) .
This has done away with a vast range of State level and central level taxes through-out India .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today dedicated IIT Gandhinagar campus to the nation .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the occasion of various festivals across India .
“Dr . Ram Manohar Lohia is one of the most remarkable personalities of 20th century India .
Prime Minister will also visit the exhibition set up on the occasion atRajpath lawns .
Addressing a large gathering on the occasion , the Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat was Mahatma Gandhi’s dream which has now become the resolve of 125 crore Indians .
nutrition
no need to apply for a loan for every crop
if i change my app will i be required to register again or i can carry the same virtual address  ?
Shri Santosh Kumar Gangwar
accelerated irrigation benefit programme
age
the child is breathing much more quickly than usual  : from birth to 59 days
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for continuation of the scheme on Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs ( IICA ) for another three financial years ( FYs 2017-18 to 2019-20 ) and providing Grants-in-aid of Rs .18 crore to the Institute .
dose
swelling
India needs affordable solutions and processes which can ease the delivery of government services to its citizens .
Earlier , in his speech , the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh , Yogi Adityanath praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi , and said the Prime Minister has given a new meaning to politics of this nation .
how and what needs to be done  ?
He said a comprehensive approach is being adopted for education , under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan .
unified payment interface
eligibility to use `` right to information act ''
convergence  : deen dayal antyodaya yojana places a high emphasis on convergence with other programmes of the civil society organizations and other central ministries .
His role in Palestinian struggle is unprecedented .
He welcomed the contribution of Indian professionals in the US , including in the State of Kentucky .
· BRICS STI Advisory Councils Roundtable ( Pretoria )
then return to concentrating on your breathing .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Denmark regarding cooperation in the areas of food safety .
In this context , he gave the example of electronics manufacturing .
the electricity distribution company and energy efficiency services limited a public sector body of government of india are implementing the programme .
the sexual organs of the body starts growing bigger and begin producing hormones .
in addition , having been previously diagnosed with gestational diabetes or being of certain ethnic groups puts women at increased risk of developing gestational diabetes .
New Railway Line to be inaugurated between Balangir & Bichupali
supplementary nutrition
The Indian Side invited Russian companies to participate in the development of industrial corridors in India , including in areas of road and rail infrastructure , smart cities , construction of wagons and creation of a joint transportation logistics company .
it also works towards universal coverage of rural poor against risk of loss of life , health and assets .
to estimate intake of toxic and non-nutritive components
1 ) take action to prevent violence against women and challenge social norms that increase women 's risk for violence and abuse  ;
even out of this minor fraction of women most of them were not provided the entire range of information and services that should have been provided to a woman during a postpartum visit .
apply cool , wet cloth .
women will feel stronger and be healthier during pregnancy if they eat nutritious meals , consume greater quantities of nutritious food and get more rest than usual .
media campaign and activities
monthly transport allowance for students with disabilities ( as defined in the persons with disabilities act 1995 ) , if such students do not reside in the hostel which is within the premises of the educational institution .
Seminar on Port Led Development & Strategies to establish India as the Trans-shipment Hub of Asia
by the age of 2 years
limited convergence between schemes  :
their applications and supporting documents are digitized and stored in the system for further processing .
Hence , a need is felt for having a unified financial regulator for IFSCs in India to provide world class regulatory environment to financial market participants .
all citizen entitlements to be available on the cloud to ensure easy access .
child victims of the flesh trade
They will be briefed on work plan of the Centre .
action programme
the aadhaar card or the e-aadhaar ( electronic copy of aadhaar ) are essentially given to residents to know their own aadhaar .
she also clarifies that it is not meant for all those who suffer from epilepsy .
these clusters would be strengthened with the required amenities , for which it is proposed that resources be mobilized through convergence of various schemes of the government . over and above which a critical gap funding would be provided under this mission , for focused development of these clusters .
user can view details of his polling booth , assembly constituency and parliamentary constituency .
any food that has come in contact with floodwater may be contaminated and should be thrown out .
the section makes an exception if a person is stalking a woman as part of a legal duty to do so .
tablet anti-diarrhoea .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will attend an event to mark World Biofuel Day , at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi on August 10 , 2018 .
rodent control programme , where ever necessary , must be adopted by employing mechanical ( traps ) or chemical techniques along with strict sanitation measures .
Prime Minister performed Yogasan , Pranayama and Dhyan with about 50 ,000 yoga enthusiasts and volunteers at the Forest Research Institute campus .
The Prime Minister said that this gathering today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India .
will my electronic toll collection become non-functional if i do not link it to aadhaar  ?
awareness and education campaigns should aim for panchayat officials , elected representatives , schools , non - governmental organisations working in villages , shop keepers , families , and general public .
The two Prime Ministers inaugurated the Integrated Check Post at Birgunj in Nepal .
on survival of the pensioner to the end of the policy term of 10 years , purchase price along with final pension installment shall be payable .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Textiles .
cook food thoroughly especially meat , poultry , eggs and seafood until it is steaming and eat it while it is still hot .
We are moving ahead with the mission of Sabka Saath , Sabka Vikas , the Prime Minister said , adding that the Union Government is working hard to ensure that farmers benefit through value addition .
skill training would be done based on the national skill qualification framework and industry led standards .
wearing slippers and shoes .
all post-matriculation level non-degree courses for which entrance qualification is high school ( class x ) , e .g . senior secondary certificate ( class xi and xii )  ; both general and vocational stream , iti courses , 3 year diploma courses in polytechnics , etc .
in the chapter on techno-legal regime , in section 6 .4 .1 , the policy identifies school buildings as a national priority and enables provision for designing the school buildings/hostels with earthquake resilient features and equip them with appropriate fire safety measures .
arrange for transfer to hospital as soon as possible
the steps of hand washing are  : -
post-partum mood changes
support from parents , other caregivers , teachers and the community is very important .
skin covers the whole body , protects organs and helps to maintain body temperature .
Recently , prices of knee implants have also been brought under control .
once the skin and tissues are burnt , a serious loss of fluid may occur .
the guidelines explore options for effective dissemination of tsunami alert and warning messages generated by tsunami to the concerned agencies and coastal vulnerable communities exposed to tsunamis in a coordinated manner .
tension headaches
Neem coating of urea helped farmers and stopped corruption as well as theft , the Prime Minister said .
as such , the need for countries to legislate cyberlaws relating to cybercrime arises on an urgent priority basis .
headache is a symptom associated with many illnesses .
with the more lethal forms , strict quarantine and rapid destruction of all infected flocks remains the only effective method of stopping an avian influenza outbreak .
The participants stressed that the food processing sector is vital for raising farm productivity , food and nutrition security , creating jobs , and adding value to agricultural produce .
don ’ t allow formation of cake in litter-turn at least once a day .
At a public meeting in Kalyan , the Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone of two important metro corridors .
the act provides for penalties for offences committed against persons with disabilities and also violation of the provisions of the new law .
avoid bathing in untreated / contaminated water .
in case of any complaint by a start-up about a facilitator or on getting information about professional misconduct through any source , the controller general of patent , trademark and design can remove the facilitator from the panel .
exchange of printed materials , films , experiences , research and other information ;
do not use belts that are old and worn out .
application procedure
poisoning through the skin
scale and impact
Pradhan Mantri Kisan Sampada Yojana is helping farmers in this mission , the Prime Minister said .
they stretch when the heart pumps blood through them .
The MoU was signed on 30th October , 2017 at New Delhi .
the major components of the scheme are feeder separation  ; strengthening of sub-transmission and distribution network  ; metering at all levels ( input points , feeders and distribution transformers )  ;
enable seamless merchant transactions
more suited for the sensitive mountain ecology .
moreover , the loss of livelihood of their families can lead to homelessness and extreme poverty .
downloaded aadhaar or e-adhaar carries name , address , gender , photo and date of birth details of the aadhaar holder in similar form as in printed aadhaar letter .
serious injuries
do not vaccinate for fowl cholera unless you have a problem on the farm .
certificate of address having photo issued by gazetted officer/tehsildar on letterhead or by village panchayat head or its equivalent authority ( for rural areas ) is accepted as valid proof of identity .
Minister of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare .
the applicant should not be less than 60 years of age ( this does not apply in the case of dependents ) .
the scholarship will be payable for 10 months in an academic year .
user can transfer funds by using aadhaar number of the beneficiary .
emotional well-being of adolescents
it is important to give breast milk alone for the first six months of a baby 's life .
send for a doctor or call for an ambulance
The Prime Minister mentioned the emerging global consensus towards greater information sharing on illicit financial dealings , and said India had a key role to play in achieving this .
commodity
The element of Unity in diversity being India’s speciality comes naturally to us .
infrastructure for anganwadis outlets
the transaction flow to do balance enquiry is as follows  :
the constitution ( 86th amendment ) act was notified on 13th december 2002 , making free and compulsory education a fundamental right for all children in the age group of 6-14 years .
pradhan mantri mudra yojana is a flagship scheme of government of india to “ fund the unfunded  ” by bringing such enterprises to the formal financial system and extending affordable credit to them .
it can also cause dangerous complications during childbirth .
district disaster management authorities
has difficulty in breathing
in case due to wear and tear the reading quality depreciates , please reach out to your issuing bank for a new tag .
Public Policies and best practices in regional services ;
make the family/ neighbours aware of the basic characteristics of various poisonous/ hazardous chemicals and the first aid required to treat them .
Other fields of life science industry
or if he turns a bluish color and appears to be choking but is unable to cough or speak , quickly ask , `` are you choking  ? ''
1 . NHM will be the principle vehicle for the UHC ( Universal Health Coverage )
Phase-2 of the project comprising of the remaining Exhibition area will be implemented by 2025 .
do not give fluids .
assam , copyright infringement is non-bailable .
He said that through PRAGATI ,more than 250 projects worth Rs .12 lakh crores have been reviewed at his end .
This MoU provides for cooperation between PrasarBharati and Jordan Radio and TV Corporation to cooperate in the fields of exchange and co-production of programs , training of personnel and further coordination .
she/he should be a regular , full time student studying in class ix or x in a government school or in a school recognized by govt . or by a central/state board of secondary education .
treatment for a coma
certificate from municipal councilor/sarpanch .
you should continue using a weather radio or staying tuned to a coast guard emergency frequency station or a local radio or television station for updated emergency information .
when you are unable to submit your application to a central public information officer , either by reason that no such officer has been appointed under this act , or because the central assistant public information officer has refused to accept your application for information or appeal under this act for forwarding the same to the central public information .
Prime Minister Modi fondly recalled their long association , going back over a decade when he had visited Kenya as the Chief Minister of Gujarat .
Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh , Shri Yogi Adityanath called on the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today in New Delhi .
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister noted that the festival of Raksha Bandhan is approaching .
one can open jan dhan account by just submitting 2 photos  : finance ministry
examples of these are  : light energy , heat energy , mechanical energy , gravitational energy , electrical energy , sound energy , chemical energy , nuclear or atomic energy and so on .
the constitution of india provide detailed provisions for the rights of the citizens and also lays down the directive principles of state policy which set an aim to which the activities of the state are to be guided .
families can keep water clean in the home by  :
as per the specification , the link contains the payee details , the transaction reference ( order id ) , and the amount to be paid .
have i committed an illegal act  ?
people with coughs and colds should avoid coughing , sneezing or spitting near children .
natural gas will undertake electronically the de-duplication exercise and other measures for due diligence for a new lpg connection
SENIOR OFFICIAL AND SECTORAL MEETINGS :
alerting the plant personnel by sounding the emergency siren and making an emergency announcement .
an investment class can be specified by prudential pension funds .
this delays their physical and mental development .
people with coughs and colds should avoid coughing , sneezing or spitting near children .
Similarly , he said , leakages are not possible in the PM Kisan Samman Nidhi , wherein about 12 crore farmers will receive direct benefit transfers .
In order to tackle the problem of shortage of doctors , low joining and high attrition rate in Central Health Service , Union Cabinet in its meeting held on 15 .06 .2016 , approved increase in age of superannuation of doctors of the Central Health Service to 65 years .
shouting can cause you to inhale dangerous amounts of dust .
safe and secure school environment
the nomenclature of this six years course is bachelor in tibetan medical system or amchi chikitsa acharya .
Over 600 Korean companies have invested in India .
social engineering
existing undulated terrain and dual effects of water are the main limiting constrain in storing/ concentration of runoff water .
Among those who interacted with the Prime Minister today were Shri Anand Mahindra , SmtSudhaMurthy , and a number of young professionals , from India’s top IT companies .
help the child learn to dress , use the toilet or latrine and wash her or his hands with soap and water or a substitute , such as ash and water , after defecating and before touching food and eating
the political leadership is widely expected to be populist  ; but ‘ make in india ’ initiative is actually seen as a judicious mix of economic prudence , administrative reforms and thus catering to the call of people ’ s mandate – an aspiring india .
write down the worries , concerns , or problems that you 're afraid will distract you from meditation and promise yourself that you 'll deal with them when you 're done .
out of these around twenty-five text related to medicine are also preserved in both canonical and non-canonical forms of tibetan literatures .
Lower Panazara medium Project under PMKSY inaugurated by PM
parents and other caregivers should ensure that both girls and boys are equally provided with a varied and healthy diet and all immunizations .
services availability in real time from online and mobile platforms .
He also mentioned the road and rail projects launched today .
click here for national valid list of documents .
He inaugurated the Tarakote Marg and Material Ropeway , of the Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine Board .
reduce gas usage by 20 mins a day per household
this slows down breast milk production .
He mentioned about the various schemes initiated by the Union Government for the welfare of women and girl children , especially in the fields of health , nutrition , sanitation , education , skill development , self-employment , new gas connections andensuring safety and security of women .
digital signatures have been given legal validity and sanction in the act .
soak it overnight in 10 liter of water .
· 3rd BRICS Young Scientists Forum – 25 to 29 June ( Durban ICC )
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to the first President of India , Dr . Rajendra Prasad , on his Jayanti .
• Revival of Sindri Fertilizer Project of Hindustan Urvarak and Rasayan Ltd .
courses applicable under prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme  :
project implementing agencies
such events cause a serious disruption in their healthy growth and development as well as overall well-being .
existence as an operational legal entity in india for more than 3 financial years ( not applicable for partners )
fill the form with details such as mobile number , e-mail and description of the harassment followed by the ‘ submit ’ button .
stroke
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given ex post-facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Cambodia on Cooperation in the field of Communications .
These companies are participating in the Global Mobility Summit- MOVE , being held in New Delhi .
research , advocacy and awareness building programmes in the field of ageing  ; and
Minister for Commerce and Industry , Shri Suresh Prabhu , was present on the occasion .
Now after RERA , only registered developers can seek bookings only after getting all the required permissions .
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has made air-travel accessible and affordable .
ducks get most of their total feed requirements from the pond in the form of aquatic weeds , insects , larvae , earthworms , etc .
emergency operating procedures for the assessment of an emergency condition and its mitigation .
correct regional imbalances in access to higher education by setting up institutions in unserved & underserved areas .
The other arm of Ayushman Bharat is the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana .
customer care 1800 103 5577
indonesia was the worst affected country .
payment of scholarship
within integrated farming systems for north eastern hilly region
the distributor will also issue a booklet called the domestic consumer gas card , popularly known as blue book or the pass book where the particulars of the piped natural gas connection , the details of supply and other services are entered by the distributor 's staff .
corporate bodies
Hundreds of Dutch companies have been working in India for many years .
other hygiene measures that can help to prevent diarrhoea include  :
external parasites may cause a chicken to pull out its own feathers , and draw blood .
refrain from taking alcohol , tobacco in any form or addictive drugs such as opium derivatives during pregnancy
the system has obvious advantages  :
Lays foundation stone of Buxar and Khurja Thermal Power Plants
bajra
neuralgia means nerve pain .
any other programmes in the best interests of older persons .
courses at training - ship dufferin ( now rajendra ) , courses of training at the military college , dehradun , courses at pre-examination training centres of all india and state levels . ''
the broadcast seva portal provides a single point facility to the various stakeholders and applicants to make their applications for various permission , registrations , licences , etc . issued by ministry of information and broadcasting for broadcast related activities .
the person is alive and looks like he or she is sleeping .
all infants should be started on other foods to meet their growing nutritional needs .
universality , which is ensured because aadhaar will over time be recognised and accepted across the country and across all service providers .
the organization should have facilities like computers , internet connection etc . at swadhar greh .
composting takes place in a rectangular brick tank with aeration holes .
death certificate ( mandatory for category a & c )
exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months of life and continued breastfeeding after six months can reduce the risks associated with diarrhoea .
1 . The 14th annual Summit between India and the European Union ( EU ) was held in New Delhi on 6 October 2017 .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today chaired his twenty-third interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based , multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation .
they will carry sovereign guarantee both on the capital invested and the interest .
The MoU aims for exchange of expertise and networking of information .
thesis typing/printing charges upto a maximum of rs .1600/- will be paid to research scholars on the recommendation of the head of the institution .
The task of transforming India is proceeding on an unprcedented scale .
Central University of Haryana , Mahendergarh
both you and your doctor are considered to have committed a crime unless it was done in good faith to save your life .
regularly review your account for unfamiliar or suspicious activity .
The four laning of Solapur – Osmanabad highway will help improve the connectivity of Solapur , with the important Marathwada region of Maharashtra .
the selected candidates will be provided a maintenance allowance at rates applicable to group ' a ' courses , i .e . rs . 750 per month for hostlers and rs . 350 per month for day scholars .
the rainfall pattern and temporal duration is almost similar in all these cities , which receive the maximum rainfall from the south-west monsoons .
the tables contain data on oligosaccharides , phytosterols , organic acids and individual polyphenols .
The Prime Minister signed the visitors’ book at the Temple , and unveiled a plaque signifying the contribution of India , in the restoration of the Ananda Temple .
blood pressure , per abdominal examination and examination for fetal heart sounds should be done for all the beneficiaries coming for check - up .
this causes the baby to suckle less often , so less breast milk is produced .
improvement in water management and distribution system for water bodies to take advantage of the available source which is not tapped to its fullest capacity ( deriving benefits from low hanging fruits ) .
The MoU would facilitate students and faculty of Educational Institutions in Afghanistan to register and use the SWAYAM Courses .
may use an email address that does not include their name .
chemical splashes in the eye
Investments through our ‘Make in India’ initiative , have been well supported by programmes like ‘Digital India’ and ‘Skill India’ “
Minister of State in the Ministry of Home Affairs .
customer aadhaar seeding form
the very high specific humidity condenses into exceptionally large raindrops and giant cumulus clouds , resulting in high precipitation rates .
the baby should receive hepatitis vaccinations preferably before discharge from the health facility .
moldy feed or feed kept for long time should be avoided as molds contain toxins which may cause poisoning .
place the casualty in the recovery position in the following manner  : turn him onto his back
visit the uniform resource identifier
connect entrepreneurs in enabling networks of peers , mentors , funds and business services
watershed management especially renovation and revival of traditional water bodies
drawing attention to infrastructure upgrades  ;
That day also was the day of Buddha Purnima .
Today , 31st meeting of the Central Hindi Committee was held in New Delhi under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi .
Ekta has won the gold and bronze medals in World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 held in Tunisia .
best practices to prevent ransomware attacks
up to 90 % of adults have had or will have tension headaches
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Brazil on cooperation in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine and Homoeopathy .
there are different types of ransomware - lockscreen ransomware and encryption ransomware .
raw cotton
such hostels would be under the administrative control of concerned educationally backward blocks . students passing out of educationally backward blocks will be given preference in admission in hostel .
Jawans of the ITBP joined the interaction from the high altitude Pangong Lake in Ladakh .
India is one of the few countries in the worldhaving aOne Nation-One Card fortransportation , PM added .
On the morning of 7th October , the Prime Minister will visit the Dwarkadheesh Temple .
stand behind him with your arms around his waist .
After seeing the ups and downs of history , these brothers and sisters of ours want to be a part and parcel of India . ”
the portal also provides an integrated virtual space for all stakeholders & trackchild bodies which includes central project support unit , state child protection society/units and district child protection units , child care institutions , police stations , child welfare committees , juvenile justice boards , etc . in the 35 state to facilitate tracking of a “ child in distress  ” .
Dahya Manen Vanhi Na ;
other important nutrients include phosphorus , magnesium , fluoride and vitamin k .
keep calm , switch on the radio and obey any instructions you hear on it .
cyber security companies , law enforcement agencies and computer emergency response teams , trace such activity while analyzing or investigating such malicious servers .
children and newborns , growth and development , achieving mile stones , vaccination , care during illness , nutrition etc play a big role in child health .
providing basic housing and homestead to below poverty line household in rural areas .
I wish to see more and more Korean businesses turning their attention to India .
in addition , national disaster management authority are in process of finalizing the national action plan on chemical industrial disaster management , which will act as the roadmap for chemical disaster management in india .
lay the casualty on his back and , holding the eyelids apart with thumb and forefinger  ; pour cold water continuously over the front of the eye from the nose side ( to prevent the chemical affecting the other eye ) .
the behaviour of pets may change dramatically after any disruption , becoming aggressive or defensive , so be aware of their well-being and take measures to protect them from hazards , including displaced wild animals , and to ensure the safety of other people and animals .
The 13th edition of PETROTECH – 2019 , India’s flagship hydrocarbon Conference was inaugurated by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi at India Expo Centre , Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh today .
seed is a basic input in agriculture .
the number of households electrified should be at least 10 % of the total number of households in the village .
2 . exchange of invitations to international conferences and seminars ;
pick-up a child and cuddle  : this is most important , but be careful not to do damage in the process .
speaking of its natural occurrence , it is the most abundant element in the universe .
under the mission , one lakh thirty four thousand crore rupees will be spent for construction of about 11 crore 11 lakh toilets in the country .
He revealed that the Government has thought of developing additional 15000 km of gas pipeline network .
He will inaugurate 108 Jan Aushadhi Kendras in the State .
convergence and partnerships
minimum support price for 2018-19
reduce just two hot wash cycles per week
be engaged in entrepreneurship and income generation activities for women .
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 464
for addressing the needs of the disabled persons , special care should be made available by the state as per national policy for disabled people apart from other capacity building measures .
for preparation of 100 liters of 5 % neem seed kernal extract solution , following material are required
exchange of information on traditional agricultural practices and forecasting among farmers in partner states .
in 90 to 95 percent of all amyotrophic lateral sclerosis cases , the disease occurs apparently at random with no clearly associated risk factors .
at present , type 1 diabetes can not be prevented .
Prime Minister Modi also inaugurated new Crude Oil Pipeline from Chennai Port to Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited’s ( CPCL ) Manali Refinery .
respiratory hygiene/cough etiquette  : -
only two children of the same parents/guardian will be entitled to receive scholarships .
how to use the portal
a . Training and staff development ;
once the phone number ( owned by the phisher , and provided by a voice over service ) was dialed , prompts told users to enter their account numbers and pin .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , was apprised about an MoU signed in February , 2019 between India and Argentine on Antarctic cooperation .
care during medical termination of pregnancy
age is no bar for creating a profile for pro bono
once established , the condition results in a failure to achieve egg production targets .
The Prime Minister called upon the people of Varanasi to dedicate themselves towards fulfilment of this common resolve for the transformation of the city .
Development of sustainable mobility with specific focus on electric transport .
Besides they are associated with cultivation , rivers , mountains , nature etc .
The Cabinet also approved allocation of funds to the State under DAY-NRLM on a need basis for implementation of the Special Package without linking it with poverty ratio .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Zambia in the field of Judicial Cooperation .
a dialog box will pop up .
coach 5 & 6  : mitigation
fastag can be recharged online through credit card / debit card or net banking
lower temperatures hamper reproduction and higher temperatures kill the worms or make them leave .
heat wave
regulation of private sector including the informal rural practitioners to ensure availability of quality service to citizens at reasonable cost .
stage i examination at the state level will comprise two parts , namely ( a ) mental ability test ( mat ) and ( b ) scholastic ability test ( sat ) covering social sciences , sciences and mathematics .
strengthen scientific and technical capabilities in all aspects of disaster management
PM Muscat had a bilateral meeting with PM Modi on the sidelines of the Summit .
The Central Government will bear the additional burden of the States on account of revision of pay scales .
early diagnosis and treatment is essential if damage is to be limited .
Implementation Strategy :
older persons should remain integrated in society , participate actively in the formulation and implementation of policies that directly affect their well-being and share their knowledge and skills with younger generations .
compact bone  :
merchants may use a network name that is extremely generic but unique keeping the network simple and inconspicuous .
before the operation , the police personnel from each state are properly trained in methodology to extract information from such children tactfully without they getting intimidated , as well as in various provisions of protection of children from sexual offences act , juvenile justice ( care and protection of children ) act , protection of child right act , relevant sections of platforms , bus stands and advisories issued by operation smile etc .
a child is not fully recovered from diarrhoea until she or he is at least the same weight as when the illness began .
as per swachh bharat mission guidelines , the states shall provide an additional 13 .33 % for the said component .
payment of scholarship
safeguard your email accounts
anaerobic baffled filter
Nearly 250 flights in each direction every week connect Singapore to 16 Indian cities .
has had diarrhoea for several days .
animal bait  : rat and mouse poisons
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Jagran Forum on the occasion of the 75th anniversary celebrations of Dainik Jagran newspaper , in New Delhi .
the wage ceiling has been raised from rs . 6500 to rs . 15000 per month to ensure that vulnerable groups are covered under scheme .
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 413
user should enter valid mobile number and email-id and proceed
weekly prizes worth a maximum of rs . 50 ,000 to 7000 merchants
cholera can kill children in a matter of hours .
Our interests in the area of security are common as neighbors .
typically , the person who owns the copyright in the movie would only try to block the movie ( through takedown notices or court orders ) .
Prime Minister renewed the offer of all possible help and assistance to Sri Lanka for ensuring its security against the challenges such as those posed by terrorism .
any other material produced by a computer or any other device
when is a village called an electrified village  ?
The initiative is part of the on-going efforts of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi to reach out to the people and communicate with them in their own language .
He said the number of such centres across the country has reached 2300 .
improper selection of pump , prime mover and well assembly , inadequate maintenance and faulty operation of the unit and other factors also contribute to the low efficiency of the system .
many illnesses , especially diarrhoea , come from germs found in human faeces .
how do i change my account where to receive bank funds  ?
effectively the banks would be getting a 2 .5 % commission for the scheme which will include the charges payable to the collection and purity testing centres/refiners .
it is applicable for nursing but not for agriculture
scholars will be paid enrolment/registration , tuition , games , union , library , magazine , medical examination and such other fees compulsorily payable by the scholar to the institution or university/board .
I am very happy that President Ramaphosa has come to India on this special occasion .
a customer can also lodge a complaint on the following grounds of deficiency in service with respect to loans and advance
In Jharkhand , PM will unveil plaque to mark the layingoffoundation stone of revival of North Koel ( Mandal Dam ) project andKanhar Stone Pipeline irrigation system .
in almost all high-income countries , diabetes is a leading cause of cardiovascular disease , blindness , kidney failure , and lower limb amputation .
four out of ten pregnant or postpartum women will experience some complication related to their pregnancy  ;
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation :
The posts will be created in Level 17 ( Rs .2 ,25 ,000/- fixed ) plus allowances as admissible .
the land reforms division was implementing two centrally sponsored schemes viz .  :
common bharat net
for finishers , adlibitum feeding is practised .
Dr . Shantha , in her opening speech spoke about some of the difficulties being faced by the Institute .
older persons should be able to live in environments that are safe and adaptable to personal preferences and changing capacities .
some points that the ‘ youth ’ should remember and understand to do are  :
the insurance benefits are available through the rupay card .
national skill development mission will initially consist of seven sub-missions under its purview .
likewise the second child should be born after a 3 years gap and there should be documentary evidence of sterilization after the second child .
improving safety , health and environment at workplace by creation of 'green jobs ' contributing to sustainable enterprise development .
udaan is an initiative of the central board of secondary education to enable disadvantaged girl students and other students from sc/st & minorities to transit from school to post-school professional education specially in science and math .
keep animals in shade and give them plenty of water to drink .
accredited social health activist is a trained female community health activist .
procuring light-emitting diode bulbs
department of land resources
to transfer money
the most common ischemic strokes are  :
to avoid any penalty on the government contribution , the employer is advised to submit the employees ' provident fund online form at the earliest , preferably by the 10th of the following month .
task groups for selected tasks ( time- bound )
the signs that a child has measles are a fever and rash , together with a cough , a runny nose or red eyes .
in the presence of pregnancy induced hypertension or preeclampsia low salt diet is advised to prevent or reduce oedema .
creation of new water sources through minor irrigation ( both surface and ground water )
On the 23rd of September , the Prime Minister will briefly participate in a sanitation related activity in the village of Shahanshahpur .
In the last two years ,we have moved towards a low tax regimeon the corporate side .
For any advanced medical intervention , they had to travel at least 50 km to reach the ESIC Medical College Hospital in Coimbatore .
He also appreciated the role being played by the Uttar Pradesh Police in this regard .
a trained health worker should be consulted .
first appeal has to be filed within 30 days from date of receipt of decision of public information officer by the applicant with first appellate authority .
for prevention against phishing attacks  :
The Prime Minister said that he had observed , that across States , the top levels of the civil services have people who have studied in Patna University .
“Greetings on UN Day .
property conflicts
all transactions done using mobile will be authenticated using mobile number
exchange of invitations to international conferences and seminars ;
as soon as she knows she is pregnant .
children and pregnant women exposed to smoke from tobacco or cooking fires are particularly at risk of pneumonia or other breathing illnesses .
muscular dystrophy
The Prime Minister was informed of the expeditious resolution of complaints received on the Meri Sadak App .
what is low blood pressure  ?
common fever symptoms
thesis typing/printing charges upto a maximum of rs . 1000 will be paid to research scholars on the recommendation of the head of the institution .
triangular and roller bandages
this helps prevent illness .
life time risk is defined as the probability that , one women of reproductive age ( 15-49 ) will die due to child birth or puerperium assuming that chance of death is uniformly distributed across the entire reproductive span .
The Prime Minister congratulated all medal winners , and complimented those who could not win medals but had performed creditably .
rs .1 ,00 ,000 per adult male beneficiary .
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the establishment of National Institute of Mental Health Rehabilitation ( NIMHR ) at Bhopal as a Society under the Societies Registration Act , 1860 under the aegis of the Department of Empowerment of Persons with Disabilities .
sexual abuse scars the psyche of the affected child for entire life .
person in possession of the cylinder/s and pressure regulator without any connecting document
Sahastrakund Eklavya Model Residential School was inaugurated by PM on this occasion .
don ’ t open any unknown file types , or download programs from pop- ups that appear in your browser .
( 4 ) before touching food and feeding young children ,
blue
lymphoid leukosis
He said it was his good fortune to be among the learned people on this sacred land of Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore .
supporting information
It is the same commitment , which has seen over three hundred million LED bulbs being installed across India .
Urban Development and Sanitation
responsible business houses operating with credibility and professionalism .
digital india is a programme to transform india into digital empowered society and knowledge economy .
the child is breathing with difficulty or gasping for air
this may either be done in person , or in some states , through an online portal .
treatment mostly aims to ease the symptoms of the disease .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved establishment of additional 6 .5 Million Metric Tonne ( MMT ) Strategic Petroleum Reserve ( SPR ) facilities at two locations , i .e . Chandikhol in Odisha and Padur in Karnataka , including construction of dedicated SPMs ( Single Point Mooring ) for the two SPRs .
women who are antiretroviral-positive should be counselled on how to reduce the risk of passing antiretroviral to their children during pregnancy , childbirth or breastfeeding .
Maldives also reiterated support for India’s candidature for non-permanent seat for the year 2020-21 .
governments , with support from communities , should make sure that the cost of health services does not prevent women , including adolescent girls , from using them .
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensure timely completion of all the projects .
Upon approval of business plans by MoR , IRSDC or other Project Development Agencies will take up the work of station redevelopment .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the brave Indian soldiers who laid down their lives to liberate Haifa in 1918 .
Under AMRUT scheme , PM laid the foundation Stone of Jhansi City Drinking Water Scheme Phase-II .
a child who is breathing rapidly or with difficulty might have pneumonia , an infection of the lungs .
in instant messages , chat , select your screen name carefully to avoid using the name of your gender , original name and other details like college , school , or office as your screen name .
the chain reaction gives off heat energy .
tsunamis can cause rapid changes in water level and unpredictable dangerous currents in harbours and ports .
PM added that Air India Express flight will soon connect Surat to Sharjah .
respond to her or his own name and to familiar faces .
have an engineer check your home and advise about ways to make it more resistant to tsunami water .
give the child her or his own bowl or plate of food
death - rs 2 lakh
He said the Government is making every effort to ensure good connectivity to Prayagraj .
no scholarship will be paid to the students under this scheme from the date he/she accepts another scholarship/stipend .
and ( 5 ) after dealing with refuse .
perform only the exercises advised by your doctor .
In this context , he mentioned Krishi Sinchai Yojana and Fazal Bima Yojana and appreciated the Jalyukt Shivir Abhiyan of Maharashtra Government .
institutional setup
Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) of the Ministry of Communications ; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Railways .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Vladimir Putin held their first informal Summit in the city of Sochi in the Russian Federation on May 21 , 2018 .
total monthly income of the worker ’ s family from all sources should not exceed as under  : -
government of india grant and the loan portion from the lending agencies to assist such women shall be routed through eligible assistance and development scheme engaged in assisting poor women through any kind of income generating activities in non farm sector .
The Bhil tribes of Central India and specially those in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh worship Peepal and Arjun trees religiously .
strategy for construction of hostels/schools
India has made that extra effort for Africa .
there is one community health volunteer i .e . accredited social health activist ( accredited social health activist ) for every village with a population of 1000 .
high pure seed percentage ( physical purity )
Infrastructure development a priority of Government , says PM
pond bunds account for 25 to 33 % of farm area .
keep the contact numbers of nearest hazardous industry , fire station , police station , control room , health services and district control room , for emergency use .
The address was preceded by presentations made by the Officer Trainees on essays written by them on the subject “Why I joined the Civil Services ” ; and on themes such as housing , education , integrated transport systems , malnutrition , solid waste management , skill development , digital transactions , Ek Bharat – Shreshtha Bharat , and New India – 2022 .
article 39-a of the constitution provides for equal justice and free legal aid .
your doctor will help you decide on a target blood pressure based on your age , whether you have diabetes and other factors .
parents and other caregivers know where to get medical help
accredited social health activist should have effective communication skills with language fluency of the area/population she is expected to cover , leadership qualities and be able to reach out to the community .
The Prime Minister noted that under the Smart City Mission , projects worth Rs . 7000 crore have been completed , and projects worth Rs . 52 ,000 crore are under implementation .
participation
individual who fulfills the eligibility criteria for all other categories of distributorship , can submit application format that can be downloaded free of cost from websites of sheheri vitrak .
basic body care
physically handicapped self employed persons
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi recognized the common threat posed by terrorism , and reiterated their strong condemnation of and resolute opposition to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations .
India will be friends with both Israel and Palestine .
training organizations viz . micro , small and medium enterprises , entrepreneurship development institutes , conducting training programmes for empowerment of women beneficiaries identified under the scheme would be provided a grant upto maximum limit of rs . 1 .00 lakh per programme provided such institutions also bring their share to the extent of minimum 25 % of the government grant .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit his Parliamentary Constituency of Varanasi , on the 22nd and 23rd of September .
as per guidelines of gokhul scheme
department of rural development
blood pressure is the force exerted by circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels .
organising film festivals in the partner state with sub-titles .
the merged scheme is renamed “ aam admi bima yojana  ” and has come into effect from 01 .01 .2013 .
online sale of fastag
Shri Deepak Bagla , Managing Director & CEO , Invest India
if the respiratory rate is more than 30 breaths/minute and pallor is present
the rabies virus can penetrate broken skin and intact mucosa .
40 breaths a minute or more
newborns need to be carefully cared for around the clock , loved , kept clean and warm , and fed .
documentation would be required as per the policy of the issuer bank .
symptoms
the capital gain tax arising on redemption of sgb to an individual is exempted .
special scholarship scheme for students of north east region .
Addressing officers and staff of the ONGC at a function to mark the launch of the SAUBHAGYA Yojana , the Prime Minister exhorted them to work towards making an efficient electric chulha ( stove ) , which would enable cooking through the use of electricity .
government stands committed to review the national policy on safety , health and environment at workplace and legislations through tripartite consultation , improve enforcement , compilation and analysis of statistics  ;
it is advised that the mobile phone to be made avail able in each of the school bus to deal with unprecedented emergency , should be of basic model without internet facility and data storage .
tablet paracetamol .
bleeding from vagina or abnormal discharge
submission of inspection report on-line by the committee .
himachal pradesh and uttarakhand , for whom the centre-state funding pattern will be 90 :10 .
it is an initiative for women across the country as a part of ‘ digital india ’ and ‘ stand up india ’ initiatives .
improved amenities
rupay e-commerce solution from national payments corporation of india enables rupay cardholders to transact online .
exclusively breast-feed the baby for six months .
ensure that the baby is warm , breathing normally , and accepting and retaining breast milk , and that the cord is clean .
annual lighting emission reduction of 135 kg is equivalent to 13 additional trees
reader allowance for blind scholars .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has given its approval for signing a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between Directorate General of Mines Safety ( DGMS ) , Ministry of Labour and Employment , Government of India and Department of Natural Resource Mines and Energy , Queensland Government , Australia through the Safety in Mines , Testing and Research Station ( SIMTARS ) .
it promotes the use of a common labour identification number by all implementing agencies .
particularly vulnerable tribal groups have some basic characteristics -they are mostly homogenous , with a small population , relatively physically isolated , social institutes cast in a simple mould , absence of written language , relatively simple technology and a slower rate of change etc .
swelling all over the body
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support at a personal level .
it will integrate agriculture and allied sectors comprehensively
in such cases , absolute clarity in the roles and responsibilities of various stakeholders in managing solid and liquid waste management systems is a must .
on farm water management focuses primarily on enhancing water use efficiency by promoting efficient on - farm water management technologies and equipment .
the benefit of the component could be availed by women above 18 years of age of the following categories  :
In many ways , they are the ‘Real Heroes’ of the Project .
The Prime Minister said that this spirit that has been learnt in NCC camps will remain with the Cadets for life .
do not bathe in village ponds and allow cattle to take bath in the same pond .
buy electrical appliances star rated appliances
credit guarantee mechanism through national credit guarantee trust company is being envisaged with a budgetary corpus of inr 500 crore per year for the next four years .
· BRICS Science , Technology and Innovation Women’s Forum ( Pretoria )
by observing how young children respond to touch , sound and sight , parents can identify signs of possible developmental problems or disabilities .
It will bring the pay and allowances of LGs at par with that of the Secretary to the Government of India .
deen dayal upadhyaya gram jyoti yojana
intranasal or intraocular .
It is expected to provide connectivity and enhance interaction of the people of North Eastern States of India with the people of Myanmar .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi praised the spectacular beauty of the Northeast .
changes in diet and physical activity related to rapid development and urbanisation have led to sharp increases in the numbers of people developing diabetes .
parents and other caregivers need to encourage the greatest possible development of the child 's abilities .
how are headaches classified  ?
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the first extension of Concessional Financing Scheme( CFS ) to support Indian Entities bidding for strategically important infrastructure projects abroad .
The Prime Minister said that Shri Venkaiah Naidu always performed whatever duty he had , with utmost diligence , and adapted into that role with ease .
some babies may need extra care at a special care unit of a hospital until they are sufficiently developed or well enough to go home with the parents .
drink water and oral hydration drinks
12 minor forest produce products have been included in the programme namely
the village as a community should take special care of its women , children ( especially girls ) , senior citizens , and persons with disabilities .
when you attempted to encash the cheque without putting it in a bank account , the complaint can be filed before a magistrate with jurisdiction over the branch of the bank from where the cheque was issued .
the use of technology will be encouraged to a great extent .
Doubling of 18 km long Chikjajur-Mayakonda Section is another highlight .
it is important that they have access to information and services related to sexual and reproductive health .
He laid the Foundation Stone for pipeline and road projects .
consult a doctor to find out the cause when the problem persists .
the scheme is estimated to benefit more than 12 million pregnant women who access government health facilities for their delivery .
He unveiled a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of 13 Urban Infrastructure projects for the State of Rajasthan .
Multi-Modal Logistics Park ( MMLP ) in Jharsuguda to be dedicated to the Nation
in fact a disabled person can also dispose his property by writing a ‘ will ’ provided he understands the import and consequence of writing a will at the time when a will is written .
fire prevention and fire safety measures should be part of initial school design , and also require regular maintenance and testing .
they can enter the body in three ways  :
the damage from burns can range from mere reddening of the affected skin to blister formation and , in more serious cases , to actual destruction of the tissues .
chhattisgarh – 540
only those candidates who have passed the matriculation or higher secondary or any higher examination of a recognized university or board of secondary education will be eligible .
scholarship for differently-abled children saksham has decided to award 1000 scholarships per annum to differently abled students to pursue technical education based on merit in the qualifying examination to pursue technical education .
India needs energy which is accessibleand affordable to the poor .
· Second Meeting of the BRICS Intellectual Property Rights Cooperation Mechanism – 10 May ( East London )
Can we take up a venture based on these ?
the field of cybercrime is just emerging and new forms of criminal activities in cyberspace are coming to the forefront with the passing of each new day .
annual lighting emission reduction of 39-99 kg is equivalent to 4-10 additional trees
a baby who has problems suckling in the first few days should be kept close to the mother , offered the breast frequently , helped to take the breast and given breast milk expressed directly into the mouth or fed expressed breast milk from a clean cup ( not from a bottle )
He said the awards also indicate the priorities of the Government .
due to the inherent safety culture , the best safety practices and standards followed in these applications and effective regulation by the atomic energy regulatory board , the radiation dose to which the persons working in nuclear/radiation facilities are exposed to , is well within the permissible limits and the risk of its impact on the public domain is very low .
oral rehydration solution sachets .
provide cool drinking water near work place .
diet and bone health
the transaction flow for funds transfer using aadhaar number is as follows  :
the rate of interest to be charged for loan amount shall be determined at periodic intervals .
The CBN shall upload the details of sales contract so registered by it on the online system .
To criticise , one has to research and find proper facts .
enter the organisational details that are required as per the format including the organisational labour identification number .
the functions under the mission would be carried out through the state health & family welfare society .
the cheeks are round when suckling
release of lpg connection under this scheme shall be in the name of the women belonging to the below poverty line family .
jagdish was entitled to maintenance for food , clothes , medicines and other basic necessity and further household and other miscellaneous .
pucca infrastructure for public institutions- anganwadis , schools , health institutions , gram panchayat office and libraries
this tsunami-genic earthquake was one of the ten worst earthquakes in recorded history , as well as the single worst tsunami in history .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his greetings to the nation on Christmas .
a multi-lingual national call centre 1800-258-1800 ( tollfree ) enables citizens to obtain passport service related information and receive updates about their passport applications , round the clock , seven days a week .
The Prime Minister , Narendra Modi , will visit Himachal Pradesh on December 27 , 2018 .
On 18th April 2018 , I will be in London on the invitation of Prime Minister Theresa May .
­promoting a productive partnership with the media to create awareness and contributing towards capacity development .
Prime Minister conveyed his gratitude for the invitation and agreed to the visit at a suitable time .
The UK is India’s second largest international research and innovation partner .
The ICFT between India and Brazil will provide appropriate facilitation to Brazilian investors in India and Indian investors in the Brazil .
the trafficking , distribution , posting , and dissemination of obscene material including pornography , indecent exposure , and child pornography , constitutes one of the most important cybercrimes known today .
if a trained health worker provides antibiotics to treat the pneumonia , it is important to follow the instructions and give the child all the medicine for as long as the instructions say , even if the child seems better .
psycho - social support/ counselling - a skilled counsellor providing psycho - social counselling services would be available on call .
they should support mothers to initiate and continue breastfeeding and help fathers and other family members accept breastfeeding as a natural and nutritious practice that protects the life of the baby .
to act as a support system that understands and meets various requirements of women in distress .
In order to facilitate passport services and reduce the travel hassle for the people , the Prime Minister will inaugurate New Passport SewaKendras at Jagatsingh , Kendrapara , Puri , Kandhmal , Bargarh and Balangir .It will immensely benefit the people from these regions since they had to visit Bhubaneshwar for passport related services .
online registration process
The Prime Minister will join thousands of volunteers , performing Yoga asanas in the lawns of Forest Research Institute , Dehradun , located in the lap of the Himalayas .
merchants
The Prime Minister said frontline TB physicians and workers are a crucial part of the drive to eliminate TB .
pets may become disoriented , particularly because flooding usually affects scent markers that normally allow them to find their homes .
Expressing his commitment towards a healthy India , PM said the prices of medicines and medical and surgical equipments have been brought down .
students
a vice chairman with the status of cabinet minister , and eight members with the status of ministers of state .
deployment of rapid response teams
just as human mind is ingenious enough to devise new ways for perpetuating crime , similarly , human ingenuity needs to be channelised into developing effective legal and regulatory mechanisms to control and prevent cybercrimes .
these include an abuse or neglect of the disabled , or neglect or misappropriation of the property under care .
The Prime Minister expressed his gratitude to all those who have dedicated their lives to the nation’s security .
Thirty Operational Flights of PSLV
This will further grow by about 200 million metric tons by 2030 . ” , he added .
documents
Today our Nari Shakti is assuming leadership roles .
the value of scholarship includes maintenance allowance , provision for students with disabilities , reimbursement of compulsory non-refundable fees , study tour charges , thesis typing/printing charges and book allowance for students pursuing correspondence courses , for complete duration of the course .
recycled paper uses less natural resources and less toxic chemicals in paper making process .
science express has become the largest , the longest running and the most visited mobile science exhibition .
to know your booth level officer , please see state website .
customer app or a utility app can listen to that sound , convert it back to the link , and then launch the application on customer phone to make the payment .
bleeding
media relations
He said that airports in remote areas , rail connectivity in parts of the North East , rural roads and highways have become a part of the Union Government’s identity .
you will be asked to fill bank name , account no . , complaint name , mobile no .
these bacteria can grow if the umbilical cord is cut with an unclean knife or if anything unclean touches the end of the cord .
admission
It marked the celebrations of the 75th anniversary of Azad Hind Government , formed by Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose .
About 12 .30 lakh non-gazetted Railway employees are likely to benefit from the decision .
the debris from dead muscle cells can clog the kidneys , which try to filter out the proteins .
therefore , the fewer the number of bends and fittings in a pipe , the more the saving of diesel .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Maghar in SantKabir Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh on June 28 , 2018 .
career guidance will help to shape future in better way .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the “Flood Management and Border Areas Programme ( FMBAP ) ” for Flood Management Works in entire country and River Management Activities and works related to Border Areas for the period 2017-18 to 2019-20 with a total outlay of Rs .3342 .00 crores .
accessing the services
“Greetings to ITBP family on their Raising Day .
PM will inaugurate Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia , Assam .
activities for promotion of voluntarism like bharat nirman volunteers
calcium is one of the most essential nutrients necessary for you to reach the highest level of bone strength .
some landslides make unique and unparalleled catastrophes .
your mobile phone is a more secure identification method than your recovery email address or a security question because , unlike the other two , you have physical possession of your mobile phone .
financial literacy programme to be taken to the village level .
at times such students are deprived of harnessing their latent skills and thereby miss the opportunity .
if you are in chat , log off immediately and stay off-line for at least 24 hours
yes , cyberlaw does concern you .
concurrent severe weather conditions ( rough seas outside of safe harbor ) could present a greater hazardous situation to small boats , so physically moving yourself to higher ground may be the only option .
children play in the mud .
benefits of immediate payment service
the baby 's whole body is turned towards the mother
reduce annual fuel costs by rs 3864
miscellaneous
do not rub the affected area .
all establishments registered with employees ' provident fund organisation can apply for availing benefits under the scheme subject to the following conditions
grasp and shake objects
pursue your interests in order to broaden your agenda
the objective of de- duplication is not to replace the currently used unique identifier of the customers/ residents/ beneficiaries with aadhaar but it is to clean up the databases for any ghosts / duplicate entries and seamlessly enable aadhaar authentication without impacting any other interface that the service providers maintain with their customers .
rape causing death or resulting in permanent vegetative state , or
Shri Narendra Modi was at AIIMS for about 50 minutes .
remain calm .
avoid building in flood prone areas unless you elevate and reinforce your home .
They are imparting energy to fight against superstition in each and every corner across the country .
it improves the soil aggregation
the other possible bites are snake bites and monkey bites .
the esign service is governed by e-authentication guidelines .
facilitating access to health care services ,
The interaction was organised as part “poshan Maah ” , being observed this month .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi met the Chief Executive of Afghanistan , Dr . Abdullah Abdullah today afternoon .
a few examples in each category are noted .
the user goes to an ecommerce web site ( rohit stores ) on his mobile phone , and places an order .
The total length of these 3 corridors is 61 .679 km .
can we register/ change mobile number online  ?
board up glass windows or put storm shutters in place .
install a firewall  :
Our mantra is reform , perform and transform .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Sao Tome and Principe for Cooperation in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine and Homoeopathy .
inability to walk
This volume covers the martyrs of Bengal , Bihar , Jharkhand , Odisha , Assam , Arunachal Pradesh , Manipur , Meghalaya , Nagaland and Tripura .
investing in national disaster management plan – structural measures
medical assistance
departments of women and child development/social welfare of the state governments which may construct swadhar greh and run them on their own or lease them to organization ( s ) having requisite experience for such period as deemed fit , for managing the operations under this scheme
In many area of India’s development priorities , Singapore is a key partner : smart cities , urban solutions , financial sector , skills development , ports , logistics , aviation and industrial parks .
The expedition has been titled Navika Sagar Parikrama .
below poverty line certificate ( if you want exemption from fee )
muscle death  :
He said the occasion is one of Appreciation , Evaluation and Introspection .
safety tip  : never share your pin with anyone .
greater support for placed candidates
universal social mobilisation
Skill Development Institute at Ettumanoor backed by the Ministry of Petrochemical & Natural Gas will provide vocational training and enhance employability and entrepreneurship for deserving youth both in oil & gas and other industries .
using pacifiers , dummies or bottles can interfere with establishing breastfeeding in the baby 's first months of life , as the sucking action for these is different from suckling at the breast .
follow the vaccination and deworming schedule .
do not use a bottle .
however , the skin responds normally to pressure without serious numbness and retains its normal texture .
rights of children in our society
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is working towards improving ease of living for the people of Andaman and Nicobar Islands .
treatment - there is no treatment for outbreaks .
Prime Minister Modi reiterated his commitment to continue working with Chancellor Merkel for deepening and strengthening the Indo-German bilateral relationship .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose on his Jayanti .
They will inaugurate the Centre of Excellence for Date Palms at Kukama , Bhuj District , through a video link .
the plan also spells out the roles and responsibilities of all levels of government right up to panchayat and urban local body level in a matrix format .
The Prime Minister also interacted with the members of Self Help Groups in Varanasi .
the demands resulting from pregnancy and need for conserving nutrients for ensuing lactation are accelerated during the later stage of pregnancy .
tap customers not having credit/debit cards
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will join Israel Prime Minister , Shri Benjamin Netanyahu , and Mrs . Sara Netanyahu , on a visit to Gujarat tomorrow .
a separate house should be there to keep the animals suffering from contagious diseases .
bharat net
My dear countrymen , connecting with all of you , courtesy the ‘Mann KiBaat’ program has been a really wonderful experience for me .
institutions such as entrepreneurship development institutes sponsored by state govt . and any other suitable institution of repute will be provided need based government grant primarily for undertaking activities aiming at empowerment of women such as field surveys , research studies , evaluation studies , designing of training modules , etc . etc . covered under the scheme .
type of project/activities to be assisted
The Gandhi-Mandela Skills Institute is set to be established soon in Pretoria .
a trained health worker should provide the mother and father with guidance on safe and clean practices to prepare the breast milk substitute .
PM will later address the gathering .
both men and women , including adolescents , are responsible for family planning .
user clicks one of the option
We have also extended maternity leave from 12 weeks to 26 weeks .
warning signs to watch for  :
move immediately to higher ground , do not wait for a tsunami warning to be announced .
escort allowance of rs .160/- per month for severally handicapped day scholar students with low extremity disability .
elevating your house will help reduce damage to your property from most tsunamis .
PM will lay the foundation stone of Indian Institute of Technology –Dharwad and Indian Institute of Information Technology –Dharwad .
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of preserving the “spirit ” in the cooperative movement , which he said is still largely intact in the rural areas .
health-care providers should be supported through regular training to maintain and improve their technical and communication skills needed to provide quality health care .
in addition to the guidelines for modification in all public buildings including government offices to provide easy accessibility and barrier free environment for employment reservation as per the provisions of the employment reservation act , all government offices should take special steps to provide barrier free and accessible work stations to employment reservation employees , access from main building entrance to their work stations and access to common utility areas such as toilets , canteens etc .
• Under this MoU , the India-Canada Centre for Innovative Multidisciplinary Partnership to Accelerate Community Transformation and Sustainability ( IC-IMPACTS ) programme will be supported to promote India-Canada multidisciplinary research partnerships .
The Prime Minister appreciated the various discussions and inputs shared during the Conference .
Prime Minister said that the government is carrying forward this legacy in true means and reiterated that women will be given equal opportunity for permanent commission in armed forces .
annual lighting emission reduction of 22-89 kg is equivalent to 2-9 additional trees
tuberculosis
search and select basic training provider specific to sector , trades and region
fastag for electronic toll collection
Prime Minister reviewed the activities of NDMA to effectively manage and respond to disasters affecting the country .
young children frequently put their hands in their mouths .
do not forget to wash your hands with soap .
this ithe earth 's lithosphere is broken up into a bunch of discrete pieces , called plates that move around the surface of the planet .
Decision taken in view of the continuous poor physical and financial performance of the company for more than 10 years combined with low probability of its revival in the future
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 3238
these may include natural hazards such as floods and earthquakes as well as manmade hazards .
casualty gradually becomes unconscious
less family support because of the shift from joint to nuclear families or children migrating away for work
The ‘Swachhata Hi Seva Movement’ commences on 15th September .
implementation of safety actions -
she agrees , but she is drugged , or drunk , or mentally ill , or
The Prime Minister said that today , Indians are working towards creating a strong India , in line with Netaji’s vision .
The Prime Minister will visit the Mahatma Gandhi Museum , before returning to New Delhi .
bites by nonvenomous species require good wound care .
They reaffirmed their commitment to the full implementation of the relevant UNSCRs .
He also laid the Foundation Stone for Shore Protection Work near Mus Jetty , and Extension of Campbell Bay Jetty .
The MoU will promote quick and transparent processing of quota allocation and prior authorization for poppy seeds import from Turkey .
the trainer/institute may also conduct a class test/quiz at the end of each session as a part of continuous assessment .
with effect from 2035 , i .e . 20 years from this date when the atal pension scheme will start giving benefits no new applicants will be entertained by ministry of culture because the applicants will be covered under atal pension yojna .
do not buy voltage stabilizers for equipment that do not need them
0 .5l subcutaneously
danger signs  :
complaints from non-resident indians having accounts in india in relation to their remittances from abroad , deposits and other bank-related matters  ;
Only such projects/activities , which are located in the CRZ-I ( Ecologically Sensitive Areas ) and CRZ IV ( area covered between Low Tide Line and 12 Nautical Miles seaward ) shall be dealt with for CRZ clearance by the Ministry of Environment , Forest and Climate Change .
bacha ,
source  : dietary guidelines for indians
watch for loose plaster , drywall , and ceilings that could fall .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the teaching community , on Teachers’ Day .
Russia expressed its support for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group .
Prime Minister during his visit to Russia during 23-24th December , 2015 visited Sirius Educational Centre in Sochi wherein , it was proposed to invite the Russian students to India to work with Indian students .
The Prime Minister thanked the Governors for the various inputs given during the course of the Conference .
education law for the disabled
Interacting with the members , the Prime Minister mentioned various reforms undertaken by the Government of India .
non-smokers who inhale this smoke are more vulnerable to respiratory infections , asthma and cancer .
distribution of project funds among the states would be based on inter-se poverty ratios .
battery-powered lighting is the safest and easiest to use , and it does not present a fire hazard for the user , occupants , or building .
The Prime Minister also spoke to former President Mohamed Nasheed and congratulated him on the momentous electoral victory .
drink sufficient water and as often as possible , even if not thirsty
Addressing the enthusiastic gathering , the Prime Minister complimented the State Government for the work done by it over the past one year .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 359 kg
I believe that India’s democratic experience is also relevant for Myanmar .
in case patient has aadhaar number but mobile number is not registered with it , then name of the patient appearing in aadhaar card must be known .
children can not access it on their smartphones through app stores or on social media platforms like facebook .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will launch the Swachhata Hi Seva movement from September 15th .
The Prime Minister encouraged the players to not feel disappointed with the outcome of the tournament , but to treat it as a learning opportunity .
user creates his/ her profile by entering details like name , virtual id ( payment address ) , password etc .
The Prime Minister also mentioned the progress made in the aviation sector , and in providing housing , power , clean fuel , health and banking services to the people .
delays in sanction , disbursement or non-observance of prescribed time schedule for disposal of loan applications
My younger friends , the days of examinations are approaching .
free of cost support for girl students of classes xi and xii
Prime Minister Narendra Modi met H . E . Mr . Raila Odinga , Former Prime Minister and the Leader of Opposition in Kenya , in New Delhi today .
source  : healthy villages
without opposition
share  : to share the uploaded document via email
helps buy seeds , fertilizers at farmer 's convenience and choice
the department of pension and pensioners welfare will coordinate and collate the data and information .
epidemic affecting a disproportionately large number of individuals within a population , community , or region at the same time , examples being cholera , plague , japanese encephalitis/acute encephalitis syndrome  ; or ,
the compliances would be reportable in single harmonized form which will make it simple and easy for those filing such forms .
many individuals first see the effects of the disease in a hand or arm as they experience difficulty with simple tasks requiring manual dexterity such as buttoning a shirt , writing , or turning a key in a lock .
this component will be implemented by state govt . , national centre of organic farming , central fertilizer quality control & training institute and soil and land use survey of india .
This presentation will be moderated by the Chief Minister of Rajasthan , Smt .
all points of presence ( service providers ) and aggregators under swavalamban scheme would enroll subscribers through architecture of national pension system .
apart form a few special types of burns  ; there is a common treatment for all the others .
pregnancy is the natural event in the life of women of reproductive age group .
this can be attributed to many reasons including a steep increase in population , rapid urbanization growing developmental and economic activities in flood plains coupled with global warming .
reduce annual lighting equivalent emissions by 1220 kg per household
this kind of early bonding and attachment to the mother , father or other close caregiver helps a child develop a broad range of abilities to use and build upon throughout life .
Mission to promote Clean , Connected , Shared and Holistic Mobility Initiatives
the increased needs are for proteins , vitamins and minerals .
india has always recognised the category of persons below the age of 18 years as distinct legal entity .
government funded educational institutions as well as the government recognized institutions will have to provide inclusive education to the children with disabilities .
the aggregator on behalf of their underlying subscribers may choose one of the single prudential pension funds to whom the entire corpus can be invested . the single prudential pension funds are  :
these changes can be stressful .
you can also also bring it to the notice of local who work with children , and who can take further steps .
· 3rd BRICS Games – 17 to 22 July ( Johannesburg )
feeding with a cup does not cause problems with suckling at the breast .
dog bites are the most common source of rabies .
themes
godown for storage of lpg in cylinders
a baby who takes water or other liquids or foods in the first six months suckles less on the breast .
by maximizing gains from the substantial investment in awareness campaigns by sharing experience and learning  ;
pradhan mantri surakshit matritva abhiyan is a fixed day strategy , every month across the country during which a range of quality maternal health services are envisaged to be provided as part of antenatal care .
works without internet – uses voice connectivity
beedi workers
never store food or water in pesticide or fertilizer containers .
this is far more ambitious scene than promised about 2050 sometime back in the context of india ’ s role at the level .
stability certificates shall be issued by the state or central government engineers only and shall be mandatory for granting permission for establishing or continuation of a school .
This is a time for ‘Sankalp Se Siddhi .’
swachh bharat mission is a massive mass movement that seeks to create a clean india by 2019 .
aware the teachers and other school staffs about internet safety norms .
women can also showcase services being provided by them which reflect creative potential e .g . tailoring .
The Prime Minister added that Shri Harivansh has been inspired by Loknayak Jaya Prakash Narayan .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that the nation is changing and it has been possible because people have decided to change for a better India .
where soap is not available , a substitute , such as ash and water , can be used .
a confirmation screen will appear showing success response
understanding school safety
Yes , science and maths are essential but there are other subjects too worth exploring , he added .
such maps are being refined and relooked for higher level of verification and acceptability for public use .
As India grows , the roles and responsibilities of CISF will also grow commensurately , PM said .
safe and secure cyber-space .
fastag is issued by issuing banks and banks can charge maximum of rs . 200 for each tag .
monthly reader allowance for blind students
the antiretroviral-positive mother should know that  :
it will have a population of 3000-5000 in plain areas and 1000-3000 in hilly , tribal and difficult areas .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi had a telephone conversation today with Dr . Lotay Tshering , President of Druk Nyamrup Tshogpa .
At present , oil palm development programme is being promoted in individual farmer’s field .
who will accompany her  ?
­capacity building including research and knowledge management .
Till 2013 , i .e . for the last 70 years , there were 4 crore people who were paying direct taxes .
therefore , all displaced children under 15 years of age should be immediately immunized , especially for measles , at the first point of contact or settlement .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for revision of pay and allowances of Lieutenant Governors of Union Territories .
the overarching goal is to develop cash-less eco system by enabling the farming community to avail all new banking facilities at par with urban area of the country
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the occasion of Navreh .
Central Government announced a series of benefits for the MSME sector last year .
for correction of entries in the electoral rolls form- 8
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Progress and new initiatives under National Health Mission ( NHM ) and the Decisions of the Empowered Programme Committee and Mission Steering Group of NHM .
health care
reproductive-maternal- neonatal-child and adolescent health
The scale at which elections are held in India is a matter of great awe for the World .
fruits , poultry , meat , egg , and fish .
portal facilitates online appointments with various departments of different hospitals as follows
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with farmers across the country , through video bridge .
to date , there is no known cure or prevention for parkinson ’ s disease .
they should not open emails or attachments from unknown people .
things to remember
Vice Chairman , Delhi Development Authority ( DDA ) ;
rapidly growing young birds , especially chickens 2-12 weeks of age , are most susceptible .
the rashtriya swasthya bima yojna , the health insurance scheme for below poverty line families was launched for the workers in the unorganized sector in the fy 2007-08 and it became fully operational from 1st april 2008 .
The High Level Steering Committee will be chaired by Chief Statistician of India and Secretary , Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation ( MoSPI ) , with the Secretaries of data source Ministries and NITI Aayog as members and Secretaries of other related Ministries as special invitees , with function of reviewing of National Indicator Framework including refinement of the indicators from time to time .
the following chart gives parents an idea of how young children develop .
this means that if a car is fueled by hydrogen , it can go farther than a vehicle loaded with the same amount of fuel but using a more traditional source of energy .
I awoke and saw that life was service .
In this context , he mentioned about the long term visionary schemes introduced by the Union Government .
Such measures have propelled our economy into a high growth path .
The Prime Minister said that in the western part of the country , there is water shortage , and in the eastern part , there is power and gas shortage .
how to use  ?
unsustainable and inefficient use of biomass often leads to destruction of vegetation and hence environmental degradation .
what causes tension headaches  ?
children can act in movies and serials or be involved in sport activities and be paid for it .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the MoU between India and the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland on the return of Illegal Migrants .
there are three major categories of headaches  :
such allowance given to the artists recommended under the centre-state quota will be shared by the centre and state government /ut administration concerned , with the latter paying a monthly allowance of at least rs .500/- per month per beneficiary .
states , at their discretion , may decide a cut-off date on which beneficiaries need to be resident of that urban area for being eligible to take benefits under the scheme .
salient points of operation smile
He said that when it comes to the country’s security , and the requirements of the Armed Forces , the Union Government keeps only the interest of the nation in mind .
source  : a handbook for parents of children with disabilities
it will be collected from four corners and the centre of the field and mixed thoroughly and a part of this picked up as a sample .
the staircases , which act as exits or escape routes , shall adhere to provisions specified in the national building code of india 2016 to ensure quick evacuation of children .
The Israeli industry has been fairly positive to many of our flagship schemes like ‘Clean Ganga .’
non-acceptance of application for loans without furnishing valid reasons to the applicant and
charges
establish a national network of business service providers .
the pradhan mantri gramin digital saksharta abhiyan being initiated under digital india programme would cover 6 crore households in rural areas to make them digitally literate .
every year it is estimated that 3 .2 million people in the world die due to the diabetes or its related causes .
information on sex during pregnancy .
birth preparedness and complication readiness
the diagnosis of type 2 diabetes can occur at any age .
The Prime Minister said that whether it is the Swachh Bharat Mission , or the fight against corruption , or the development of civic amenities , the Union Government is working shoulder to shoulder with the State Government .
what are the various categories of cybercrimes  ?
what is diabetes  ?
assessment of trainees
provides information related to the passport act and rules
to calculate the effect of humidity we can use heat index values .
undergo regular health check-ups after the age of 40 years
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved Submission of India’s second Biennial Update Report ( BUR ) to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change towards fulfilment of the reporting obligation under the Convention .
language localization
supporting information
99 # service- innovative payment service
Talking about the National Police Memorial , Prime Minister said that Memorial was accorded priority by the NDA Government and was finished on time .
treatment for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is generally designed to relieve symptoms and improve the quality of life for individuals with the disorder .
during the selection of trainees , special emphasis to be given to the trainees coming from rural background , unemployed , women candidates .
consistently high blood glucose levels can lead to serious diseases affecting the heart and blood vessels , eyes , kidneys , nerves and teeth .
foods rich in calories , proteins , iron , vitamins and other micronutrients should be taken .
It is envisaged that the National Health Authority shall have full accountability , authority and mandate to implement PM-JAY through an efficient , effective and transparent decision-making process .
user can transfer fund using mobile number of the beneficiary .
appropriate transportation , removal of architectural barriers and restructuring of modifications in the examination system shall be ensured for the benefit of children with disabilities .
breast milk prevents dehydration and malnutrition and helps replace lost fluids .
high market value
non-penetrative sexual assault of a child , including
The Prime Minister’s engagements in this period will cover aspects as diverse as infrastructure , railways , textiles , financial inclusion , environment and sanitation , animal husbandry , culture and spirituality .
The Prime Minister said the Union Government is sensitive to the needs and concerns of the farmers .
The Union Cabinet chaired by chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Restructuring of the Indian Bureau of Mines ( IBM ) by upgradation , creation and abolition of certain posts of Joint Secretary-level and above .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has approved the recapitalization of EXIM Bank .
He also inaugurated the Bahubali General Hospital .
develop an emergency communication plan
all requests for application forms and other particulars should be addressed to the government of state/union territory administration to which the scholars actually belong .
uniqueness
Since May 2014 , when my Government took over , we have given top priority to develop infrastructure in Kerala .
depending on the farm- size , poultry farming can be main source of family income or can provide income and gainful employment to small holder farmers throughout the year .
switch of electrical supply and don ’ t touch open wires .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Tajikistan on Cooperation on Youth Matters .
to get the list of additional districts covered , click here ( 70 .4kb ) .
sadly , suicide is a leading cause of death among adolescents .
Terming the Indian community as ambassadors of India in Japan , Prime Minister urged them to invest in India and to maintain cultural ties with the motherland .
if you have to evacuate the house move your valuable articles to upper floors to minimize flood damage .
these areas are more likely to experience damage from tsunamis , strong winds , or coastal storms .
do not play around by dialing 1-0-8 as a joke .
urban dispensaries , urban health posts , maternity homes
best practices for secure usage of micro password
Some highlights of the auction
scheme covers risk of revised kisan credit card scheme holders against death or permanent disability resulting from accidents caused by external , violent and visible means , as under  :
emergency management and research institute is keen to enlist the support of volunteers to disseminate knowledge and information about 1-0-8 services .
monthly escort allowance for severely disabled ( i .e .with 80 % or higher disability ) day scholars/students with low extremity disability
“Greetings on World Environment Day .
He offered prayers at the Hatkeshwar Temple .
improves children ’ s ability to learn better and be more active in school
India has been ranked at third place in the new Power Ranking in the 2018 report of the World Travel & Tourism Council .
over 12 months to 5 years
Congratulating the people of India on this occasion , the Prime Minister described INS Kalvari as a prime example of “Make in India . ”
all the state governments will announce in may-june , the details of the scheme and invite applications by issuing an advertisement in the leading newspapers of the state and through other media outfits .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will release a commemorative coin on Guru Gobind Singh ji , on January 13 , 2019 .
subsidiaries of national dairy development board
for inclusion of names for overseas electors form- 6
india is the third largest producer of coal in the world , with estimated reserves of around 315 ,148 .81 million tonnes of geological resources of coal ( as of 1 .4 .2017 ) .
through this service , getting an appointment , lab reports and blood availability in any government hospital has become online and easy .
public authorities have designated some of its officers as public information officer .
user can check available balance of the bank account linked to his/her mobile number .
however , high cost of light-emitting diode has been a barrier in adoption of such efficient lighting systems .
Prime Minister also inaugurated the super speciality blocs of Rajaji Medical College , Madurai , Thanjavur Medical College and Tirunelveli Medical College , as a part of Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana , which aims to upgrade 73 medical colleges across the country .
this concentration of the extract can be increased or decreased depending on the intensity of pest attack
India greatly hopes for peace and stability in this region .
harvesting of fish
the database therefore will act as an additional tool for the authorities to assess pro bono services provided by lawyers .
this temperature will drop so that additional warm water will need to be added to maintain the temperature .
The Prime Minister interacted with the students , on various subjects such as education – especially education of the girl child ; Swachh Bharat , and their dreams and aspirations .
1 tablet albendazole or 1 tablet mebendazole
during excursions , schools should carefully choose the location of excursion and the itinerary so that exposure to hazard is minimized .
dogs and cats should be given vaccine at 3 months of age , a booster within the following 9 months , and every 3 years thereafter .
be aware that the electricity may go out or the sprinkler systems or fire alarms may turn on .
positive net worth for atleast 2 out of last 3 financial years ( not applicable for partners )
organic wastes are spread in the cattle shed to serve as bedding .
He said that under the Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana , more than 15 crore entrepreneurs have been given loans worth more than 7 lakh crore rupees .
for a child 2 years or older  : between 1/2 and 1 whole large ( 250-millilitre ) cup .
high fever with or without abdominal pain , and feels too weak to get out of bed
how are the users alerted  ?
The Prime Minister said that projects worth over Rs . 1500 crore have either been inaugurated , or the foundation stone has been laid for them , at today’s event .
children are vulnerable to malnutrition and infectious diseases .
inadequate action taken by medical personnel
roles and responsibilities of different stakeholders
1 . The present LTAs are valid until 31 .3 .2018 .
maintenance expenses of farm assets , crop insurance , personal accident insurance scheme and asset insurance .
this section gives the details about emerging mobile governance in india and various related useful link information with a brief introduction .
develop special programmes for hazardous operations and other focus sectors , set up training mechanisms , create nation-wide awareness , arrange for the mobilisation of available resources and expertise .
I am particularly pleased that with Prime Minister Mark , his four Cabinet colleagues , the Mayor of the Hague and more than 200 business representatives have also come to India .
the scheme was started in 1989 .
no , customer can not link a wallet to bank , only bank accounts can be added .
On this day , a few years ago , I took oath as Chief Minister for the first time .
say several words together ( from about 15 months )
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today afternoon .
assistance provided
Inaugurates and Lays Foundation stones of Development Projects worth Rs . 1400 Crores Unveils IT Policy of Dadra & Nagar Haveli
pneumonia kills more children than coughs , malaria and measles combined .
avoid digital and video images of individual students/teachers on school websites for safety of children .
nuclear and radiological disaster
social entrepreneurship awareness programmes for minority beneficiaries .
organize culinary festivals with opportunity to learn culinary practices .
documents required to get revised kisan credit card scheme
There was a time when the news reports would read- Air Force wanted to do surgical strike after 26/11 but UPA blocked it .
the tenure of the distributorship shall be for a n initial period of 10 years and renewable for every 5 years thereafter , subject to the examination of the performance of the distributorship by the respective piped natural gas and decision thereon .
the recommended dosage is as follows
option iv - personally collect and deliver form 6 .
counseling for pregnant women
if there is evidence of burning and the casualty can swallow give him as much milk or water as he can drink
mitigation of negative impact of agriculture or livestock on environment .
anybody desirous of opening an account can submit the application form to the nearest bank branch/bank mitr for opening the account , it said .
enable desktop firewall options to control the activity of denial-of-service attacks
this allows the customer to freely share the financial address with others .
do n't drive through a flooded area -
a child with a fever needs careful attention .
national payments corporation of india ( npci ) , the umbrella organisation for all retail payments system in the country has launched the next generation online payments solution - unified payments interface which will leverage trends such as increasing smartphone adoption and deeper penetration of mobile data .
it 's vitally important not to move a person with serious neck or back injuries unless you have to save him from further danger .
PM will inaugurate the electrification of 297 km long section of Jhansi- Khairar section .
advice for parents and caregivers  :
keep some extra batteries for transistors
the fraudster would have gained confidence from his prey using various tactics such as offering assistance to the customer who perhaps would have tried to use the atm without success or perhaps the customer who is not familiar with use of micro machine and requires assistance .
leaving improper messages on message boards or in guest books  ;
16th week
He also witnessed the Exchange of MoUs for Jan AushadhiKendras .
our body is composed of these five cosmo physical elements of jung-wa-nga  ; when the proportion of these elements is in imbalance in our body disorder results .
obesity leads to high blood pressure , high blood cholesterol , heart disease , diabetes , gall bladder stone and certain types of cancer .
this helps to stop germs and dirt from getting onto food or into the mouth .
in the field of computer security , phishing is the criminally fraudulent process of attempting to acquire sensitive information such as usernames , passwords and credit card details by masquerading as a trustworthy entity in an electronic communication .
rehabilitation and reconstruction  ;
Explaining the role of Gas Based Economy in moving towards Clean Energy , Prime Minister said that CGD network will play a major role in achieving Clean Energy solutions .
muscle mass increases , and small and large motor skills improve
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working towards strengthening connectivity across the country .
residents would also be spared the trouble of repeatedly proving identity through documents each time they wish to access services such as obtaining a bank account , passport , or driving license etc .
banking ombudsman is a quasi judicial authority functioning under india ’ s banking ombudsman scheme 2006 .
Our special programmes such as Make in India , Digital India and Start-Up India have caught the imagination of the world .
H .E Kim Hyun-chong , Minister for Trade , Industry & Energy , RoK and Mr . You Young Min Minister for Science and ICT , RoK
examples of biological disasters include outbreaks of epidemic diseases , plant or animal contagion , insect or other animal plagues and infestation .
The sacred thoughts of Lord Jesus Christ inspire millions .
know the height of your street above sea level and the distance of your street from the coast or other high-risk waters .
the scheme is being implemented by ministry of women and child development , government of india .
the relaxation of upper age limit
The Prime Minister said that the Conference has now become more relevant , in the context of challenges and responsibilities facing the country .
baby chicks can be encouraged to eat by using a warm , moist mash .
enjoy a variety of foods needed to balance your physical activity .
coir craft article making unit
to prepare communities to cope with disasters , it emphasizes on a greater need for information , education and communication activities .
some of the broad themes of the coaches include
The Government is firmly committed to the path of fiscal consolidation .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Shirdi , in Maharashtra , today .
PM will also inaugurate LPG Capacity Augmentation of Mounted Storage Vessel in North Guwahati .
she or he can only be made to do this after school hours or during vacation .
do this by the clock , and don ’ t cut it short .
mahila coir yojana is the a women oriented self employment programme in the coir industry , which aims to providing self employment to rural women artisans in regions producing coir fibre .
on qualifying secondary education ( for girls only )
Minister for Energy , Saudi Arabia
He said this has a positive influence on the future generations , and inspires them to think of “India First . ”
This will facilitate in improving the public health status of the people in India .
The securities market and insurance sector are growing rapidly .
Similarly , if we talk about the railway sector :
PM inaugurated Multipurpose Indoor Sports Facility at Sephora , Ganderbal .
Integrated Command and Control Centre for Agra Smart City will be created at a project cost of Rs . 285 crore .
for identification of the tribal clusters , the ministry would select the leading sub districts falling within the top 100 tribal districts of the country , based on the scheduled tribes population .
mission strategy
a unit of energy equal to one kilowatt-hour applied for one hour  ; running a one kilowatt-hour equipment for one hour would dissipate one kilowatt-hour of electrical energy as heat .
flexibility to draw cash and buy inputs .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of an Agreement between India and Uzbekistan for cooperation in the field of agriculture and allied sectors .
handicraft artisans
the forum does not prosecute the actual culprit .
the scheme was launched on 22ndjanuary , 2015 at panipat in haryana .
M/s Videsh Sanchar Nigam Limited [now Tata Communications Ltd .
avoid roads , bridges , or ramps that might have been damaged by the earthquake .
while it is more precise , the time to perform the scan is significantly longer than for computerized tomography .
‘Lucknow Metro Rail Corporation’ , a 50 :50 jointly owned Company of Govt of India and Govt . of Uttar Pradesh will be reconstituted as ‘Uttar Pradesh Metro Rail Corporation ( UPMRC )’ for implementation of project .
the students should be regular in attendance for which the yardstick shall be decided by the competent authority of the school .
I express my gratitude to Prime Minister Rutte for this decision .
dry sow/gilt
pond water is used for cleaning the pigsties and for bathing the pigs .
arteries are vessels that carry blood from the pumping heart to all the tissues and organs of the body .
or for applicants applying under renewal category , it is mandatory to pass the each subsequent academic year of the professional courses being pursued by them with minimum 50 % marks .
5 . Prime Minister of India and President of Maldives held Official talks on 17 December 2018 in an extremely warm , cordial and friendly atmosphere reflective of the special relationship between the two countries .
This Act may be called the Constitution ( Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes ) Order ( Amendment ) Bill , 2019 .
The Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone for Medical Colleges atSaran , Chhapra and Purnia .
legal services includes rendering of any service in the conduct of any case or other legal proceedings before any court and giving of advice on any legal matter .
The Prime Minister asked the officers to fix clear targets to improve the country’s tax administration by 2022 , the 75th anniversary of independence .
The Prime Minister interacted with people who have benefited from the Jaipur Foot .
anoxic brain injury
Speaking on the occasion , PM said , “This government is punishing the corrupt and rewarding the honest ” .
scholarship for integrated courses - the prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme is restricted to first professional degree courses only .
upload documents facility is available under ‘ my certificates ’ section .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Former Delhi Chief Minister Shri Madan Lal Khurana .
They welcomed annual Russian Festivals in India and Indian Festivals in Russia and highly appreciated the ongoing youth exchange programme , exchange of writers and reciprocal support of the National Film Festivals .
if vomiting occurs , seek immediate medical attention .
the stipend support would not be given during the basic training period for fresher apprentices .
scholarship has announced 1000 scholarships per annum to eligible candidates to pursue ph d in labs or other reputed institutions  :
Mr . Sameh Hassan Shoukry , Foreign Minister of Egypt , who is on a visit to India in the context of Seventh Meeting of the bilateral Joint Commission , called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today .
“Presented Myanmar President U Htin Kyaw a reproduction of a 1841 map of a stretch of the River Salween .
He said that Shri Bahuguna was inspired by many different leaders including Mahatma Gandhi , Acharya Vinoba Bhave , Acharya Narendra Dev , Ram Manohar Lohia , and Chandrashekhar Azad .
increasing thirst ,
Lord Buddha was the fountainhead of egalitarianism , peace , harmony and brotherhood .
lack of response to others
do i need to take fastag to get the concessions available for local vehicles  ?
He said the Government wishes to provide Housing for All by 2022 .
mechanical energy is the energy a substance or system has because of its motion .
thus , a sow weighing 100 kg with 8 piglets should receive 4 .6 kg feed per day .
it is a body promoted by state bank of india and has presently ten core promoter banks
Following is the text of the Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to attending the G-20 Summit .
He praised Prime Minister Abe for the fact that this project is being launched within such a short time .
if you are on land
as the disease progresses birds lose weight , become lame from joint infections , and develop rattling noises from exudate in air passages .
according to the 2001 census , the particularly vulnerable tribal groups population is approximately . 27 ,68 ,322 .
tendu leave
reduce waste
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) by Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI ) with Capital Markets Authority ( CMA ) , Kuwait for mutual co-operation and technical assistance .
equipment ,
comas are caused by an injury to the brain .
tatkaal appointment opening time
provide description of the document ( max 50 characters )
The Prime Minister will later visit Amreli .
1 . Prime Minister of the Republic of India H .E . Mr . Narendra Modi and President of the Russian Federation H .E . Mr . Vladimir V . Putin met for the 19th edition of the Annual Bilateral Summit in New Delhi on October 4-5 , 2018 .
the wound should heal within a week to 10 days .
the presence of generalized oedema ( swelling ) as indicated by the puffiness of face should arouse the suspicion of pre-eclampsia .
diarrhoea kills children by draining liquid from the body , which dehydrates the child .
The Prime Minister said that the Defence Corridor coming up in Uttar Pradesh will greatly benefit the people of Kanpur .
the baby should be allowed to breastfeed until she or he releases the breast and looks satisfied and sleepy .
electrical equipment should be checked and dried before being returned to service .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Yavatmal and Dhule , in Maharashtra , on 16 February 2019 .
employees retiring in the next 6 months may be provided an online facility to submit their achievements .
the rat holder cracks , worn out area should be packed with cement .
documents to be submitted to get light-emitting diode bulbs
the beneficiaries will be issued smart cards for the purpose of identification .
the blood pressure can change from minute to minute , with changes in posture , exercise or sleeping , but it should normally be less than 130/80 for an adult .
integrated fish farming-cum-agriculture
I have seen that in my own home state , Gujarat in Western India , where I was the chief minister for 13 years , and now on the national scale in India . ”
PM will inaugurate Multipurpose Indoor Sports Facility at Sephora , Ganderbal .
BC- Before Congress , when nothing happened .
14101  : manufacture of all types of textile garments and clothing
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate The Delhi End TB Summit at VigyanBhawan in the capital tomorrow .
in case farmers do not repay the short term crop loan in time they would be eligible for interest subvention of 2 % as against 5 % available above .
A series of events and programs have been organized alongside the summit .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Arunachal Pradesh tomorrow .
brick kiln workers
in order to alleviate their problems , govt . of india launched a scheme entitled `` trade related entrepreneurship assistance and development '' during the 9th plan period which has slightly been modified and is now put in operation .
We stood firm in opposition to apartheid in South Africa .
parents and other caregivers can help children learn and grow by giving them new , interesting and safe things to look at , listen to , smell , hold and play with .
if awarded any other scholarship/stipend , the students can exercise his/her option for either of the two scholarships/stipends , whichever is more beneficial to him/her and should inform the awarding authority through the head of the institution about the option made .
for any transfer , immediate payment service is the answer .
treatment - treatment is for flock salvage only .
the scheme is being launched initially on a pilot basis for 1 year  ; based on the experience gained , further steps shall be taken .
reduce annual fuel costs by rs 1265
through women helpline integrated with police , ambulance and other emergency response helplines .
promoting a culture of prevention and preparedness – by centre-staging dm as an overriding priority at all levels and at all times .
online recharge
it is shared among secretive groups on social media networks .
look for electrical system damage .
iron-folic acid supplementation
Institute of Company Secretaries of India ( ICSI ) ” is a statutory body established an Act of Parliament of India , i .e The Company Secretaries Act , 1980 ( Act No . 56 of 1980 ) , to develop and regulate the profession of Company Secretaries in India .
pass book
examples include nuclear energy , chemical energy , etc .
there is no age restriction for applicants applying for locations reserved under freedom fighter category .
Shri Modi will attend the One District , One Product Regional Summit at Deendayal Hastakala Sankul ( Trade Facilitation Centre & Crafts Museum ) in Varanasi .
women in their first pregnancy in areas where malaria is prevalent often do not show the typical signs of malaria .
criminal proceedings usually take more time and result in jail or fine for the offender , not just compensation to you .
turn towards familiar voices and sounds
of the various contraceptive methods , only condoms protect against both pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections , including hiv .
easy to apply digital signature
this is because , blue collar work is not respected and regarded in the society .
post graduate diploma courses in various branches of management & medicine .
Shri Awanish Kumar Awasthi , Additional Chief Secretary and DG , Tourism , Govt . of U .P .
start-ups , with limited resources and manpower can sustain in this highly competitive world only through continuous growth and development oriented innovations  ; for this , it is equally crucial that they protect their intellectual property rights .
if a couple is married , but living separately , then the 'marital rape ' exception no longer applies and the husband can be convicted of rape if there is no consent .
showing pornographic material to a woman when she does not want to watch or view it is considered as sexual harassment and is a crime under the indian penal code .
Addressing the gathering , the Prime Minister described this conclave as a new beginning in the public sector sphere .
if it does not , or if there are signs of infection or damage to nerves and tendons , medical help should be sought .
harassment can be sexual , racial , religious , or other .
can i get my pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana account transferred to other city / state upon my transfer posting to other states  ?
eat nutritious and balanced food .
a low weight gain usually points towards intrauterine growth retardation and results in a low birth-weight baby .
vitamin is distributed during routine immunization ( such as with measles vaccine at 9 months ) as well as during special immunization campaigns .
rurban cluster
through any person including any public spirited citizen , public servant ( as defined under section 21 of indian penal code , 1860 ) , relative , friend , volunteer etc . , or
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his grief and extended his condolences on loss of lives due to an accident in Gujarat .
call 108 or your local emergency number right away .
what happens when you report a case of child sexual abuse  ?
understanding child rights
Under this MOU , capacity building programme in the field of planning , focusing on areas of urban planning , water and waste water management , solid waste management , Intelligent Transport System and public financing ( Public Private Partnerships ) would be undertaken .
You have probably known Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore till date as a writer and a musician .
employ a manual scavenger .
symptoms those last more than 10 days
The Prime Minister said that Ayurveda is not just a medical practice , but encompasses public health and environment health as well .
The Prime Minister said that there is a new energy in India today .
children of commercial sex workers
where the district administration is satisfied that a particular rescued person requires more than rs .5 ,000 , he or she may disburse such higher amount as deemed fit , but limited to the maximum entitlement prescribed under this scheme .
click on “ register  ” and after successful registration , go to login and fill affidavit
after floods
the treatment is more effective if appropriate antibiotic is used based on the drug sensitivity of the isolated bacteria .
on one hand this helps the small needs in the household to be addressed smoothly while on the other hand it generates employment for people at the grassroots .
Thereafter , it will be financially self-sustainable .
He flagged the potential of biomass energy and also invited participation and joint ventures in coal gasification .
The Prime Minister underscored that terrorism continues to pose serious risk to peace and security in the region and beyond .
it will also include easy access to information and mentor network , credit , incubator and accelerator and advocacy to create a pathway for the youth .
He will dedicate the newly constructed building of IIT Gandhinagar , and launch the Pradhan Mantri Gramin Digital Saksharta Abhiyan ( PMGDISHA ) .
if you are not satisfied with the resolution provided by the bank and would like to escalate the matter , you can approach the banking ombudsman established by the reserve bank of india under the banking ombudsman scheme , 2006 .
reporting emergencies to help those who have no access to a telephone
job-seekers can view their profiles , contact numbers and book appointments online to get going .
The evenings are marked with cultural programs .
Prime Minister Modi thanked Prime Minister Theresa May and the Government of the United Kingdom for the warm hospitality extended to him and his delegation and looked forward to welcoming her in India .
on submission of the form , an acknowledgement containing the registration number , registration date and name of the employment exchange is generated .
how can i upload a document in my digital locker  ?
This programme , which has already started giving results , will soon revive the Ganga , our most precious river .
in general , illness in pig is characterized by dullness ,
register your mobile number with your bank and ask for your pin .
fish-poultry integration is done in two ways .
trainees under dual-learning mode from apprentices
a child with a fever believed to be caused by malaria needs immediate antimalarial treatment as recommended by a trained health worker .
affordable service without any subscription fees
4 . Taking into account the quantity as referred to in Para 2 above , every year both parties may consider to set a quantity to be imported by any Indian importer in a crop year .
Thereafter , the State Counsellor and the Indian Prime Minister witnessed the signing and exchange of various documents between Myanmar and India in the areas of health , culture , capacity building , maritime security and collaboration between key institutions and held a Joint Press Conference .
venom from certain snakes affect nervous system directly .
These projects will transform Uttar Pradesh , PM said .
who and where will the soil sample be tested  ?
“You represent thousands of years of the shared culture and civilisation , geography and history , aspiration and achievements of the great sons and daughters of India and Myanmar , ” the Prime Minister said , addressing the gathering .
through the unnat jyoti scheme consumers can avail from a minimum of 2 to a maximum of 10 light-emitting diode bulbs , depending on the region .
PM to inaugurate the electrification of 297 km long section of Jhansi- Khairar section
while these headaches are not life-threatening , they may be associated with symptoms that can mimic strokes or intracerebral bleeding .
in most of the cities , damage to vital infrastructure has a bearing not only for the state and the country but it could even have global implications .
The Prime Minister spoke of initiatives such as Jandhan Yojana and Ujjwala Yojana , taken by the Government for empowering the poor .
symptoms
organizations/associations can contact the department of pension and pensioners ’ welfare by writing tot he email
if central public information officer has refused your request to access any information requested under this act ,
the systolic blood pressure ( the top number ) represents the pressure in the arteries as the muscle of the heart contracts and pumps blood into them .
government contribution
it happens without her consent , or
each individual will be given a single unique aadhaar number
while tension headaches are the most frequently occurring type of headache , their cause is not known .
And , at the sacred site in Jinja , where a statue of Gandhiji now stands , we will build a Gandhi Heritage Centre .
there is no upper limit on government subsidy .
In his maiden attempt , he cracked the Entrance exam for MBBS at AIIMS , Jodhpur .
causing hurt , injury or danger to life , limb , health , safety or well-being , whether mental or physical .
For this , we are using technology , remote sensing , internet , digital financial system , soft credit , insurance , soil health improvement , irrigation , pricing and connectivity .
bone growth
requires high initial investments for productive use
In the afternoon , thematic presentations will be made to the Prime Minister on subjects such as corporate governance , human resource management , financial re-engineering , and innovation .
 . caregivers should notice these changes and follow the child 's lead .
in between coconut trees , shade under any tree is good for composting .
germs can be spread by flies , cockroaches , rats and mice , which thrive in garbage such as food scraps and peelings from fruit and vegetables .
if someone needs to be rescued , call professionals with the right equipment to help .
He complimented the State Government for its Industrial Policy , and investment climate , and said the results of this have started to become evident .
this is one cybercrime which threatens to undermine the growth of the younger generation as also leave irreparable scars and injury on the younger generation , if not controlled .
where there is a risk , changes in her work conditions should be made to reduce workplace health risks .
“Best wishes to the people of Himachal Pradesh on their Statehood Day .
He said their contribution extends far beyond those who benefited from their efforts , and serves as inspiration for the society .
He will also inaugurate the Tarakote Marg and Material Ropeway of the Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine Board .
the national rural health mission was launched on 12th april 2005 ,
in cases where it is impossible to turn the casualty into the recovery position owing to the presence of other injuries , or his being trapped , then the maintenance of a clear airway is carried out by placing two fingers behind the angle of the jaw on both sides and pushing the jaw forward towards the nose .
child development and early learning
performing a one time password transaction
3 . Space science and planetary exploration ;
the brain has 100 billion nerve cells ( neurons ) .
applicable to notified kinds only
encourage , but do not force , the child to eat
children who are victims of substance abuse
A few days ago I received a very detailed report highlighting the story of transformation of Chandrapur Fort in Maharashtra .
He added that the Prime Minister always says that we have to move ahead on the path of development .
prepare an emergency kit of items and essentials in the house , including medicines , documents and valuables .
some cobra venoms can also kill the tissue around the site of the bite .
user can transfer fund using aadhaar number of the beneficiary .
how children develop
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction .
what is parkinson 's disease  ?
prudential pension funds shall specify , from time to time , the pension fund manager ( s ) who may be assigned the responsibility of managing the funds under retirement solutions limited swavalamban .
xerox copy of bank passbook as an identity proof
Underlining the importance of safeguarding the interests of the unorganised sector , he said PM Shram Yogi Man Dhan Yojana will be of great help .
kidney disease ( diabetic nephropathy )  :
It is for the first time since independence that such a scheme is envisaged for the crores of workers engaged in the informal sector , PM added .
use extreme caution .
amaranth ,
the first appellate authority under right to information act 2005 head of dept/office and mention address of passport seva kendras dept/office .
the second most common type of primary headache .
play with other children
Inaugurating the Pandit Deendayal UpadhyayaInstitute of Archaeology , Prime Minister said that the institute will provide modern amenities for research scholars and students from India and all over the world .
a revamped rashtriya swasthya bima yojana was launched in october 2014 to include the following .
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government and the State Government in Uttar Pradesh , are both sensitive to the concerns of the people .
failure of the placenta to come out within 30 minutes of delivery
how to access
human resources  : to empower the state cold chain network by building the capacities of government cold chain handlers  ;
delays in sanction , disbursement or non-observance of prescribed time schedule for disposal of loan applications ,
shram suvidha portal
can parkinson ’ s disease be prevented  ?
Dr . Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan’s deep appreciation for India’s continuing support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan .
( hvt strain )
The Prime Minister said that the soldiers have been the first line of defence , both against enemies , and against natural disasters .
loss of interest in playing
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will launch the Union Government’s Support and Outreach Initiative for Micro , Small and Medium Enterprises ( MSMEs ) at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi on November 02 , 2018 .
decreased school attendance or performance  ;
the predatory fish directly prey upon the stocked fingerlings , whereas the weed fishes compete with them for food and oxygen .
once the student submits the online application form and the student gets the permanent registration esign , he/she will will not be able to edit the details until the scholarship application processing is completed .
the google play store alert system sends alert messages to pre-defined stakeholders for initiating prompt action at their end for addressing the issue .
never attempt to give anything by mouth if casualty is unconscious
do 's and dont 's
they will need very little supplementary feed which can come from household wastes , such as kitchen leftovers , rice bran , broken rice and spoiled cereals , if any .
fake emails with virus attachments that steal financial information from your computer .
they also need to know that they can ask their parents for help when they find that they can not cope by themselves .
the health laws of india have many provisions for the disabled .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Finance ; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Shipping .
strictly speaking seed is an embryo , a living organism embedded in the supporting or the food storage tissue .
some rules to follow when children are online  :
balance enquiry and mini-statement .
hence nearly 11 lakh passengers per day will be covered under the accidental insurance scheme .
if there are any tablets , empty bottles or cartons near the casualty , keep them for examination in hospital .
for any online update request , including updation of mobile number , resident should already have an active number registered with short message service where person can receive short message service and authenticate himself/herself .
to increase your chances of staying healthy , exercise every day and get enough calcium and vitamin .
but when the landlord deposited it 20 days later , there was not enough money in my account to pay rent and the cheque was dishonoured .
if a woman visiting a public health facility requires a specific investigation , sample should be collected at the facility itself and transported to the appropriate centre for testing .
continuous severe abdominal pain
The Prime Minister will arrive in Mumbai on the afternoon of February 18th .
welcome screen will appear asking you to enter your bank ’ s 3 letters short name or first 4 letters of mobile pin .
for design of structural standards of school building and its components such as corridors , staircases , side areas , quality of construction should be as per the national building code 2005 .
initially it may seem that cyberlaws is a very technical field and that it does not have any bearing to most activities in cyberspace .
types of basic training providerss  :
The Prime Minister lauded Ayushman Bharat Yojana and said that more than 7 lakh people have availed the benefits under the scheme within a span of 100 days .
by developing appropriate standards , codes of practices and manuals on safety , health and environment for uniformity at the national level in all economic activities consistent with international standards and implementation by the stake holders in true spirit  ;
The Prime Minister asserted that as he works to empower the people and the nation , even though he faces criticism on some occasions , he cannot mortgage the country’s future , for his own present .
rs . 35/- ( digitization will be carried out by retirement solutions limited )
union territory  : andaman and nicobar islands , dadar and nagar haveli and lakshadweep
tweezers
should the casualty vomit -- - catch the vomit in a dish or polythene bag and keep for examination in hospital .
the essential requirements for a unit to be eligible for submitting an application for award of quality mark are  :
the scheme shall be run initially on a pilot basis , and shall be applicable for a period of 1 year from the date of launch of start-up india .
use fuel efficient biomass cookstoves .
user can generate one time password which can be used for different transactions as a second factor of authentication .
in case more than one application is received from an individual , all the applications would be clubbed together and treated as one application .
Several Union Ministers including Rajnath Singh , Arun Jaitley , Nirmala Sitharaman , Nitin Gadkari , Suresh Prabhu , Smriti Irani , Ravi Shankar Prasad , Dr Harsh Vardhan , V K Singh , Dharmendra Pradhan will attend the summit and chair individual sessions to attract investment for the state .
the national remote sensing center atlas on selected corridors of uttarakhand and himachal pradesh has been a very useful atlas ( please see national remote sensing center work on landslides ) .
tuck his left arm under the left buttock
make payments using mobile phones ( bank app ) .
various types of flowers like marigold rose , jasmine etc . can also be grown on pond embankments .
fund transfer using account number .
over time , high blood pressure can cause small arteries inside brain to become brittle and susceptible to cracking and rupture .
Prime Minister welcomed Deputy Prime Minister Rogozin to India on his third visit this year .
it will be auto-debited in one instalment .
This project is scheduled for completion by March 2021 .
India is a Party to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) .
depression and eating disorders
integrated fish farming-cum-agriculture
pucca houses for all houseless poor/poor living in kutcha houses
every minute counts .
additional allowance for students with disabilities , for the complete duration of the course .
if you smell gas or hear a blowing or hissing noise , open a window and get everyone outside quickly .
your photo , finger-prints and iris scan will also be taken as a part of the enrollment .
however aadhaar holders can secure their biometric authentication as per need by locking or unlocking biometrics using `` lock/unlock biometrics  ” functionality at short message service official website
online registration system is an online portal were citizens having aadhaar can enroll for appointments in hospitals across various states and union territories of india .
The Home Minister also announced release of Rs . 100 Cr . in advance from the NDRF .
hence reducing the administrative burden .
however , with comprehensive management , a large proportion of amputations related to diabetes can be prevented .
aggrieved person has the right to file a complaint simultaneously under section 498a act
some may refuse to walk or will walk on their hocks .
carry a reusable bag when you go shopping .
Under this MoU , a Joint Working Group ( JWG ) will be set up to strategize and implement programmes on cooperation under the framework of the MoU .
the user must check for the e-wallet provider to be showing strong legacy of securely , reliably and conveniently handling sensitive financial data and providing customer support ( in the event of card loss or account fraud ) .
thus , it is possible to vaccinate to stop an outbreak .
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Löfven met on 17 April and recalled their Joint Statement issued in Mumbai in 2016 , welcomed progress so far on its implementation and reconfirmed their commitment to the Joint Statement as the overall political framework for cooperation .
a few of more common poisons encountered in everyday life are illustrated .
without prejudice to generality of the provisions contained in sub-section ( 1 ) , the national authority may -
researchers also propose that amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is a disorder with genetic , clinical , and pathological overlap .
however , the state governments are advised to incorporate at least the following minimum benefits in the package / scheme  :
Cashless transactions also came up for discussion .
muscle size and strength decrease
faqs on aadhaar
yes ,
“Actual Project Cost ” would be replaced by “Total Project Cost ” .
basic training providers must be registered on the apprenticeship portal .
Pursuant to the same , the Governments of India and Brunei Darussalam have agreed on the text of the Agreement .
although vaccination does not eliminate the need for additional therapy after a rabies exposure , it simplifies management by eliminating the need for anti- rabies immune globulin and decreasing the number of doses of vaccine needed .
components and pattern of assistance
the process followed/decision taken by joint accounts in granting the scholarship will be final .
eligibility conditions and other restrictions
India and Afghanistan have already signed an “Agreement on strategic partnership ” between the two countries in October , 2011 .
family welfare central sector component
India has a growing partnership with Africa , propelled through mechanisms such as India-Africa Forum Summits .
only for pumping
This will also enable a common pool of creative , artistic , technical , financial and marketing resources of the two countries .
smartphone with internet access
the portal hosts technical details of over 14 .5 lakh base stations spread across the country of all technologies and of all telecom service providers .
under this act , an indian citizen can access the information from the public authority .
the familiar form of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis usually results from a pattern of inheritance that requires only one parent to carry the gene responsible for the disease .
it increases the risk of miscarriage , premature labour and having a low-birth weight baby .
duck rearing under ifs
He will receive feedback from PMAY beneficiaries , via video link , from different cities of Uttar Pradesh .
owners of small boats may find it safest to leave their boat at the pier and physically move to higher ground , particularly in the event of a locally-generated tsunami .
post natal care  :
He also dedicated the electrification of Erode-Karur-Tiruchchirapalli and Salem-Karur-Dindigul railway lines to the nation .
adolescent girls , women , pregnant women and new mothers need the best foods available  : milk , fresh fruit and vegetables , meat , fish , eggs , grains , peas and beans .
feel the sun on your skin , hear the water lapping the shore , listen for the sounds of seagulls , or see the ships gliding out to sea .
all point of sale devices owners should change passwords to their point of sale systems on a regular basis , using unique account names and complex passwords .
pertussis , or whooping cough , affects the respiratory tract and can cause a cough that lasts four to eight weeks .
organization of virtual contact classes at 60 designated city centres
The Prime Minister said that New India is a great destination for investment , and “Destination Uttarakhand ” represents this spirit .
Members of the Palestinian and Indian delegations ,
The Prime Minister said , “Congratulations to the people of Chennai on the city’s inclusion in the UNESCO Creative Cities Network for its rich musical tradition .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated medal winners in Commonwealth Games .
annual list of beneficiaries will be identified from the total list through participatory process by the gram sabha .
place a cool , wet cloth on your head to cool off
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Manipur and Assam on 4th January 2019 .
right to information can empower citizens to take charge by participating in decision-making and by challenging corrupt and arbitrary actions at all levels
infrastructure maintenance and
venom from certain snakes can directly cause muscle death in multiple areas of the body .
the unique registration number provided by employment exchange can be a reference while applying for jobs , especially government jobs .
The Metro will provide a better , cost friendly and environment friendly means of transportation for the people in Nagpur , PM added .
from the bharat interface for money app home screen ,
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the opening session of the 49th Conference of Governors at Rashtrapati Bhawan .
the father-to-be should also be tested and counselled ( refer to the hiv chapter for more information ) .
the system is advantageous to farmers in many ways  :
the written test is followed by an interview .
the other way of giving aeration is inserting perforated unused pvc or iron pipe in the composting material both vertically and horizontally .
The Partners’ Forum will showcase learning from across six regions : Africa , Eastern Mediterranean , Europe , Americas , South East Asia and Western Pacific on six thematic areas :
establish a national entrepreneurship resource and coordination hub to coordinate and support entrepreneurship development programmes .
to download the app for android , click here .
The project created a global appeal to a beautiful Indian bhajan .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will attend the Silver Jubilee Foundation Day of National Human Rights Commission ( NHRC ) , at New Delhi , on 12th October .
some of the signs commonly experienced include  :
India is seeing remarkable progress in the last four years .
He said the Statue would generate considerable tourism opportunities for the region .
with frequent breastfeeding , she will continue to produce breastmilk .
children affected by physical / sexual / emotional abuse in family , schools or institutions .
Recalling the ancient Indian texts , the Vedas , the Prime Minister said that we cannot imagine our society , our country , and even our lives , without knowledge .
today many pesticides , especially those used by nursery men and farmers , may contain potent chemicals ( eg malathion ) which , if they come in contact with the skin , are capable of being taken into the body , with disastrous results .
the biogas plant can be linked to the family or community toilet or it can be a standalone system to which wastes are added .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today laid the foundation stone of Integrated Command and Control Centres at five North Eastern Smart Cities , through video conference from New Delhi .
In keeping with the objective of enhancing connectivity through mass rapid transit systems , the Union Government has launched nine metro projects covering a stretch of nearly 165 kilometers over the past three and a half years .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has approved creation of additional posts of three Judicial Members and three Technical Members in the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal ( NCLAT ) .
nearly 80 lakh passengers use seasonal or monthly ticket on suburban railways , largely in cash , spending worth nearly rs .2 ,000 crore per year .
some worms can cause a loss of appetite , reducing nutritional intake and physical fitness .
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and deliberates upon the future developmental priorities .
motorized ratt
various aspects of fish production including inland fisheries , prawn culture , pearl culture , ornamental fish production , value added products , machineries etc are covered
vomits frequently
some from these regions preferred to go to tibet to begin their education of sowa-rigpa .
domestic lounge access
promote convergence and co-ordination between skill development efforts of all central ministries/departments/states/implementing agencies .
natural gas will also organize melas ' at various locations for release of connections to below poverty line families .
additional provision for scheduled tribe students with disabilities
apprenticeship training can be provided to apprentices both in designated and optional trades .
failure to understand simple messages
get plenty of sleep , be physically active , manage your stress , drink plenty of fluids , and eat nutritious food .
by suitably incorporating teaching inputs on safety , health and environment at work place in schools , technical , medical , professional and vocational courses and distance education programme  ;
induction training programme for the persons with disabilities should be imparted together with the other employees .
He appreciated the efforts of the people of the State , and the State Government for the same .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said that a fully dedicated university for Communication and Entertainment is a need of hour and urged Film personalities to suggest and contribute on this .
In order to tackle the menace of film piracy , the Amendments provide for :
a skilled birth attendant can play a critical role in instructing the mother and father on how to care for their baby with special needs .
identity card issued by reputed employer/government department .
a child 's life is in danger if she or he has several watery stools within an hour or if there is blood in the stool .
using mosquito coils  ; these are used to repel but not kill mosquitoes . they have no lasting effect
for detailed scheme guidelines , click here .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today presented Myanmar State Counsellor Daw Aung San Suu Kyi a special reproduction of the original research proposal that she had submitted for fellowship at the Indian Institute of Advanced Study at Shimla in May 1986 .
He then witnessed an audio-visual presentation of experience sharing by select beneficiaries of schemes of the Government of India and Government of Rajasthan .
as part of the investigation carried out by the police , they will have to ask the child questions .
composting is done in pits of different sizes depending on the waste material available .
nearly 14 lakh railway passengers are buying tickets everyday out of which 58 % tickets are bought online through digital means .
unique identification card ( aadhar card )
a beneficiary desirous of availing this assistance shall approach the beneficiaries with adequate documentation regarding availability of land owned by them .
He spoke of initiatives taken for improving road and rail connectivity in the region .
do not give importance to gossip and surround yourself with positive , energetic people
rapid assessment system is an initiative of ministry of electronics & information technology to encourage citizen engagement in governance .
after treatment , close the lids , place a pad over the eye , and secure lightly in position .
the findings following a venomous snakebite can be misleading .
Be it Transport , Power , Ports , Shipbuilding , Housing and Urban Infrastructure , there is huge demand in India while there are strong technological capabilities and capacities in Korea .
the training program is residential with a clear daily time table which would preferable include early morning physical exercise such as yoga etc .
obesity and over-weight are caused by a chronic imbalance between energy intake and energy expenditure .
human and animal faeces should be kept away from water sources .
clearances and certificates
This has resulted in increased FDI inflow , which year after year is making new records .
the pain symptoms of a tension headache are  :
relief employment
“Remembering Chaudhary Charan Singh ji on his birth anniversary .
focus on the promotion of social entrepreneurship .
The Prime Minister will also interact with the beneficiaries of Ayushman Bharat at Kalaburagi .
refusal of supply or sale of any medicine click here
hair loss from hereditary-pattern baldness can sometimes be prevented by medication .
the baby takes long , deep sucks
Over 95 Energy Ministers from partner countries and 7000 delegates from around 70 countries are expected to be part of PETROTECH -2019 .
pattern of assistance
Let me share with you some of my thoughtson the hydrocarbon sector and our endeavourto achieve energy security .
basic training providers set up/supported by industry clusters
flexible and fast integration with application
past operation smile campaigns and their outcomes
it provides for horizontal and vertical integration among all the agencies and departments of the government .
it would also bring in public accountability through mandated delivery of government ’ s services electronically , a unique and e-pramaan based on authentic and standard based interoperable and integrated government applications and data basis .
allow children to access only pre-selected websites appropriate to their age group .
PM then proceeded to Hubli for the last leg of his journey today .
employees can also submit hard copies instead of the online submission .
each project under the programme is a micro-level effort to achieve this objective by treating the under productive or unproductive land and taking up allied activities for the benefit of the landless .
the bank may require you to fill a form as well .
favourable demographic dividends for the next 2-3 decades .
industries/ establishments with in-house basic training facilities .
He also distributed Gold cards to beneficiaries of Ayushman Bharat and distributed Van Adhikar Patra to the beneficiaries .
eat more fruits and vegetables .
biological disaster
electronic vaccine intelligence network provides an integrated solution to address widespread inequities in vaccine coverage by supporting state governments in overcoming constraints of infrastructure , monitoring and management information systems and human resources , often resulting in overstocking and stock-outs of vaccines in storage centres .
department of empowerment of persons with disabilities will sign frame-work with state to support spreading awareness about accessibility and help create accessible buildings , accessible transport and accessible websites etc .
lumbar puncture
cut your nails regularly .
these symptoms can last for up to two weeks .
nearly 4 .5 crore customers buy petrol or diesel at such petrol pumps per day who can take benefit of this incentive scheme .
rogi kalyan samiti / hospital management committee is free to prescribe , generate and use the funds with it as per its best judgement for smooth functioning and maintaining the quality of services .
one ultrasound is recommended for all pregnant women during the 2nd/ 3rd trimester of pregnancy .
The Prime Minister will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana ( Rural & Urban ) , and will address the gathering .
In order to enhance synergies , improve efficiencies and avoid duplication of work , it was decided by the 9th Meeting of Board of Trustees of the IDF-OI that the Trust would be closed down by March 31 , 2018 .
He said that Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana , a massive campaign to provide a permanent house to the poors in cities and villages is underway .
subsidy for beneficiary-led individual house construction /enhancement .
He said that the Government is working towards cleansing the system of such elements .
Prime Minister Modi condemned in the strongest terms the serial terrorist attacks , perpetrated at sites including religious places and during a religious festival .
the portal offers information on necessary points to remember and keep ready when any emergency accident or small injury occurs , in the house or in office , school , college or factory .
age group  : 14 - 60 years
He also attended the valedictory function of centenary celebration of Shri Saibaba .
upgradation of existing degree colleges to model colleges
eventually , they die .
this can produce significant mortality in the flock when injury results .
this helps children adapt to the school setting , settle more quickly into the school learning environment and attend school regularly .
medical care @ rs . 750 per year per girl
the expression is a general term used by computer professionals to mean a variety of forms of hostile , intrusive , or annoying software or program code .
the list of such beneficiaries would be made available on the scheme portal .
deen dayal upadhyaya grameen kaushalya yojana
in advanced cases , many chicks will lie with both feet out to one side ( prostrate ) and die .
Subjects such as expansion of oil and gas infrastructure in India ; enhancing exploration and production ; potential in solar energy and biofuels ; and the Union Government’s holistic approach to the energy sector came up for discussion .
By 2022 , what will be the roadmap for Indian PSUs to optimally utilize their CSR Fund ?
He spoke of the expansion of smartphones , broadband and data connectivity , which he described as signs of a digital revolution in India .
where do i register a complaint with reference to the bank transaction  ?
register your mobile number with your bank and ask for your mobile money identifier and pin .
user can generate mini account statement for the bank account linked his/her to mobile number .
Friends , The India Science Congress has a rich legacy .
the employees provident fund account of employee will be now be updated monthly and at the same time she/he will be informed through number
enter recipient ’ s aadhaar number and amount .
a child under the age of 2 years needs at least 1/4 to 1/2 of a large ( 250-millilitre ) cup of the oral rehydration salts drink after each watery stool .
act fast if the victim is bleeding severely , swallowed poison or his heart or breathing has stopped .
A meeting was held between delegates of the Ministry of Interior Affairs , Afghanistan , United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) , Afghanistan and officials of the Bureau of Police Research & Development ( BPR&D ) , MHA at New Delhi in October 2016 and Afghanistan delegates expressed their desire for assistance from India in the field of Police training , police development , law enforcement , strengthening the rule of law in Afghanistan and building sustainable long term cooperation .
all pregnant women need to be given one tablet of iron-folic acid ( 100mg of elemental iron and 0 .5mg of folic acid ) every day for at least 100 days , starting after the first trimester at 14-16 weeks of gestation .
He said that ‘Swachhata Hi Sewa’ scheme will be launched tomorrow and urged the citizens to actively participate in this grand Swacchhta mission .
reducing risk behaviour- alcoholism , smoking , substance abuse , etc .
the constitution of india by virtue of article 39 a directs the state to provide free legal aid to the poor and weaker sections of the society , to promote justice on the basis of equal opportunity .
to increase production & productivity of rice and wheat by adopting latest crop production technologies  ;
He will lay the Foundation Stone for four 500-bedded hospitals at Hazaribagh , Dumka , Palamu and Jamshedpur .
encrypt transmission of card holder data across open , public network .
school safety planning needs to be undertaken at the district level as well as at the local /school level .
people with type 2 diabetes can often initially manage their condition through exercise and diet .
encourage citizens especially in rural and semi urban areas to use digital payments as well as other products and services offered by digital india
fastag is a consumer app that can be downloaded from the app store for both android and systems .
by recognising the best safety and health practices and providing facilitation for their adoption .
He reiterated former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s vision of “Insaniyat , Jamhooriyat , Kashmiriyat , ” for the State of Jammu and Kashmir .
the amount already paid may also be recovered at the discretion of the state government .
what is a soil health card  ?
“Greetings and best wishes toCentral Industrial Security Forceon their Raising Day .
No country is made by leaders or governments .
drop , cover , and hold on .
urban local bodies should ensure that individual houses under credit linked interest subsidy and beneficiary led construction should have provision for these basic civic services .
pain  :
The Prime Minister appreciated the focused suggestions made by the CEOs .
The bidding criterion has been changed to revenue sharing .
The Prime Minister specially mentioned all those people who are working tirelessly to keep India clean , noting that they were the ones who had most imbibed the spirit of Vande Mataram .
common antibiotics can not kill infections caused by these resistant germs .
“Went to R&R Hospital to see Marshal of the Indian Air Force Arjan Singh , who is critically ill .
Lakhs of farmers and common people continue to benefit from the Krishna Raj Sagar Dam built by him .
provision of transport allowance upto rs .160/- per month for disabled students , if such students do not reside in the hostel , which is within the premises of educational institution .
Akhilesh Mishra , Ambassador of India to Maldives
Mr . Modi said that the setting up of AIIMS will provide quality healthcare to the people and address the shortfall of healthcare professionals in the region .
does not want to drink
The video conference is the second in the series of video bridge by the Prime Minister , interacting with various beneficiaries of Government schemes .
culturing of indian major carps and common carps  : catla 3  : rohu 4  : mrigal 1  : common carp 1
the programme will be implemented in phases from the current year till 2018 .
rise in land values .
Under Price Deficiency Payment Scheme this scheme ( PDPS ) , it is proposed to cover all oilseeds for which MSP is notified .
make provision for children and adults requiring special diet .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , on Monday reviewed the progress of preparations towards the launch of the ambitious Health Assurance programme under Ayushman Bharat .
the national e-governance plan , takes a holistic view of e-governance initiatives across the country , integrating them into a collective vision , a shared cause .
This becomes even more special because we are doing so at a time when we mark the 150th birth anniversary of Bapu , the Prime Minister said .
they should cough or sneeze into their elbow or a tissue and dispose safely of the tissue .
consider the following passphrase
there are three main types of diabetes  :
reduce annual lighting emissions by 172 kg
date and place
Major Danish exports to India include medicinal/ pharmaceutical goods , power generation machinery ; industrial machinery , metal ores , organic chemicals , etc .
generalized oedema
if a woman can not breastfeed at her workplace , she can express her milk two or three times during the workday and refrigerate it or store it at room temperature for up to eight hours in a clean , covered container .
as an example , if the air temperature is 34 oc and the relative humidity is 75 % , the heat index -- how hot it feels -- is 49oc .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the transfer on lease of 6 .5628 acres of Defence land to Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan( KVS ) at Air Force Station Kanpur ( AFS Kanpur ) .
the act extends to the whole of india , except the state of jammu and kashmir .
related resources
care during pregnancy and preparation for child birth
immediate help from a trained health worker is needed .
Development of MSME sector is a priority for us as this is the back-bone of our industries .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee at AIIMS today .
On 6th September 2017 , the Indian delegation led by Prime Minister Modi held bilateral talks with the Myanmar delegation led by State Counsellor Daw Aung San Suu Kyi .
secondary headaches and
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval for moving a Resolution in the first Assembly of the International Solar Alliance ( ISA ) for amending the Framework Agreement of the ISA for opening up the ISA membership to all countries that are members of the United Nations .
anchor overhead lighting fixtures to the ceiling .
Jamsetji Tata was a true visionary , who not only foresaw India’s future , but also duly laid strong foundations .
bloody , sticky discharge .
The Prime Minister gave examples of Mission Indradhanush and Swachh Bharat , to show how the Union Government is speeding up progress towards desired targets .
The Prime Minister had earlier participated in Yoga celebrations at Rajpath in New Delhi in 2015 , the Capitol Complex in Chandigarh in 2016 , and the Ramabai Ambedkar Sabha Sthal in Lucknow in 2017 .
The stake-holders will include researchers from scientific organizations , academia , R&D laboratories and companies from India and Denmark .
hiv/aids
sovereign gold bond scheme
the baby is in a good position and is well attached to the breast , with the breast well in the baby 's mouth
cooked food should be eaten without delay or thoroughly reheated before eating .
power exchange through cross border interconnections .
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 159 - 643
they love , feed , console , teach , play with and care for their children .
age in weeks
The Prime Minister visited Kerala to review the situation arising out of floods in the State .
by providing medical criteria wherever necessary which will assure insofar as practicable that no employee will suffer diminished health , functional capacity , or life expectancy as a result of his work place activities and that in the event of such occupational diseases having been contracted , is suitably compensated  ;
advice to eat more than her normal diet throughout the pregnancy - a pregnant woman needs about 300 kcal extra per day , over and above her usual diet , and 500 kcal extra in the post-partum period .
black rock pension fund managers pvt . limited
are there stricter laws in some states  ?
think before you click !
if they must be used , make sure you log out of your account and delete browsing history after finishing the transaction .
to combat this , proper emergency preparedness plans must be in place so that there is minimum avoidable loss of life , livelihood , property and impact on the environment .
is there any specific format of application  ?
All payment will be done directly into registered bank account of the farmer .
The Prime Minister visited an exhibition on the theme “technology and rural life . ”
focus of atal pension yojana
1430  : manufacture of knitted and crocheted apparel
floor space
generating payee
regular monitoring of risk and revision of plan -
“Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas .
PM will hand over the keys to selected beneficiaries for the e-Gruh Pravesh of houses constructed under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana ( PMAY ) .
this ensures that only desirable person will be able to view their information .
as well as other harmful effects , smoking increases abdominal fat accumulation and insulin resistance .
As per provisions of the Inter-State River Water Disputes ( ISRWD ) Act , 1956 , the Tribunal shall consist of a Chairman and two other Members nominated by the Chief Justice of India from amongst the Judges of the Supreme Court or High Court .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Vrindavan in Uttar Pradesh today .
boiled grasses , roots , tubers , kitchen waste can substitute up to 50 % of finisher/fattener pig feed without much effect on growth .
such tools enable users to run a scan of the machine against the antivirus signatures in an automated manner to detect the malwares on scanned machine and remove the malware .
any such advance amount shall be deducted from the central cash assistance amount .
the blood and other fluids from the womb gradually change from red to pale cream in colour , and stop altogether about four weeks after delivery .
the early years , especially the first three years of life , are very important for building the baby 's brain .
the head of the household can then introduce other members in the family while they are enrolling .
PM also said that under PM Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana about Rs . 7 .5 Lakh crore will be deposited in the bank accounts of the farmers directly .
it is not generally appreciated how dangerous green potatoes can be .
some conditions related to age may require long term management of illness and even , nursing care .
citizens can submit their passport applications and seek an appointment on payment of passport fees online through the passport seva portal at their convenience .
One Point Five lakh Health & Wellness Centres are being set up to provide comprehensive primary care and preventive health services .
institutional mechanism and management systems to meet the health-related challenges of a rapidly growing urban population .
diabetic person is at higher risk of hear disease , it is advisable o reduce the consumption of oil for cooking .
after childbirth , women also need nutritious meals and a greater quantity of food and rest .
almost 90 to 95 % of diabetes is of type 2 or maturity onset type  ; that affects people in their middle age .
you can learn more about them in our meditation infocenter .
facilitating knowledge dissemination , skill building , access to credit , access to marketing , and access to other livelihoods services underpins this upward mobility .
neighbouring areas should be alerted and children immunized .
The Prime Minister said that basic facilities such as roads , electricity and water , are being extended to the rural areas surrounding Varanasi as well .
The Prime Minister said that the development of the tourism sector cannot happen in isolation .
The State Government’s efforts in evacuating more than a million people to safety and the efforts of IMD to give accurate forecast were specially appreciated by the Prime Minister .
the document will be shared with the recipient via email .
5 . Data source Ministries / Departments will be responsible for providing regular information to MoSPI on these indicators at required intervals and disaggregation for national and sub-national reporting of SDGs .
death of infected chicks begins at 5-7 days of age and peaks in another 4-5 days .
benefits to the ecosystem participants
the department of empowerment of persons with disabilities , ministry of social justice & empowerment has conceptualised the “ accessible india campaign ( sugamya bharat abhiyan )  ” as a nation-wide flagship campaign for achieving universal accessibility that will enable persons with disabilities to gain access for equal opportunity and live independently and participate fully in all aspects of life in an inclusive society .
languages supported are hindi and english in ios and 9 languages in android version .
And Indian companies are taking active part in the efforts of President Ramaphosa to increase investment in South Africa .
the chemical must be diluted instantly
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will lay the foundation stone for India International Convention and Expo Centre ( IICC ) at Dwarka , New Delhi , on September 20 , 2018 .
the mechanical horsepower , also known as imperial horsepower , of exactly 550 foot-pounds per second is approximately equivalent to 745 .7 watts .
He will also present the Vaishakh Sammaan Prashasti Patra to the Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies , Sarnath ; and the All India Bhikshu Sangha , Bodh Gaya .
access for all to primary health care and reproductive child health facilities , with proper pre-natal and ante-natal care for mothers .
visit email and select your company .
in existing group iii courses
nuclear power generation does emit relatively low amounts of carbon dioxide .
such donors ( 2-3in number ) must be ready , should the need for transfusion arise .
skill sub-mission  : trainers
for the complete details and application formats , click here .
national payments corporation of india aims to operate for the benefit of all the member banks and the common man at large .
discuss with family members , if it is harassment from outside .
accessible india campaign
national hydrogen energy road map covered all aspects of hydrogen energy development in india including its production , storage , transport , delivery , application , codes & standards , public awareness and capacity building .
He said this establishes a connect between the citizens and the government .
He said that as a caring government , the objective is to ease the difficulty in the lives of people , and improve ease of living .
budget
missing
Inauguration of Ahmedabad Shopping Festival-2019 at the Sabarmati Riverfront by the PM was yet another attraction .
cool the person by putting a cool wet cloth on his/her face/body
Increased co-operation , exchange and collaboration with Russia will contribute to establish a long-term and effective bilateral relationship of communication and cooperation in road transportation and road industry and Intelligent Transport System ( ITS ) .
meghalaya – 47
The Prime Minister said that the Pradhan Mantri Gram SadakYojana came into being due to the efforts of Shri Venkaiah Naidu .
coconut water
Students from colleges all across the country , listened to the Prime Minister’s address through video conference .
This will greatly benefit the participating States of Gujarat , Rajasthan , Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra .
He said a link to this portal will be made available through the GST portal .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) with Canada for cooperation in the field of Science & Technology .
He said most of the key departments are based in the new Secretariat .
being age 55 or older .
Skill Development is a national priority for India and the United Kingdom and a key part of the bilateral partnership .
mustard alternaria blight
Approval of the Cabinet has been granted in respect of Mutual Recognition Agreement ( MRA ) between ICAI and SAICA to establish a mutual co-operation framework for the advancement of accounting knowledge , professional and intellectual development , advancing the interests of their respective members and positively contributing to the development of the accounting profession in South Africa and India .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has given its ex-post facto approval to the Agreement on the facilitation of visa arrangements signed between India and Maldives signed in December , 2018 .
And therefore we are pride of our comprehensive cooperation in the capacity building of the institutions like the executive , the legislature , election commission and press council .
for identification as a economically weaker section or low-income groups beneficiary under the scheme , an individual loan applicant will submit self-certificate/ affidavit as proof of income .
constipation
esign process involves consumer consent ,
employers are to login to the pradhan mantri rojgar protsahan yojana portal using their labour identification number registration .
Prime Minister will also unveil plaque to inaugurate various development projects in Daman & Diu and Dadra & Nagar Haveli .
virginia flu cured tobacco
Prime Minister later addressed the gathering .
In an event organized at the 5th Battalion Camp at Indirapuram in Ghaziabad , the Prime Minister will review the parade of the Central Industrial Security Forces .
dharamshala in himanchal pardesh and ladakh region of j & k are the main centers for sowa-rigpa institutions in india .
both pensioners and organization are advised to satisfy themselves of the suitability with respect to their requirement .
chc per lakh population for improved curative care to a normative standard ( indian public health standards defining personnel , equipment and management standards ) .
rural electrification corporation is the nodal agency for operationalization of this scheme .
the pass book shall be presented to the post office or bank , as the case may be , at the time of depositing money in the account and receiving payment of interest and also at the time of final closure of the account on maturity .
v . Supporting sending organisations to provide pre-lectures about elderly care for technical intern training programmes of care workers through sending out certificated care workers from Japan and providing a curriculum and textbooks so as to provide trained care-givers to Japan .
It will be targeted to cover over 10 crore poor and vulnerable families .
most affected birds die in the first few days of life .
x issued a cheque to me .
PM will also lay the foundation stone for the construction of Northern Regional Centre Campus of Indian Institute of Mass Communication at Jammu through the unveiling of plaque
brain hemorrhages can result from a number of conditions that affect blood vessels , including uncontrolled high blood pressure ( hypertension ) and weak spots in your blood vessel walls .
a well-established risk factor for many chronic diseases , including diabetes and its complications .
bangalore method
symptoms of upper motor neuron involvement include spasticity and exaggerated reflexes including an overactive gag reflex .
the scheme spans over five years ( 2016-17 to 2020-21 ) with a project cost of rs . 499 .94 crore , and will provide entrepreneurship education and training to over 7 lakh students in 5 years through 3050 institutes .
Friends , no scheme or initiative can be successful without the participation of youth .
use hard-to-guess password unique to the digital wallet to prevent against the risk of unauthorized access .
We have brought in the reforms in the insurance sector .
( if you have any comments / suggestions on the above content , please post them here )
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with Mudra Yojana beneficiaries from across the country , through video bridge .
there is an association between maternal height and delivery outcome , at least in part ,
Shortly after launching the movement through a video conference interaction with a cross-section of people from 17 locations across the country , the Prime Minister travelled to the Babasaheb Ambedkar Higher Secondary School , at Rani Jhansi Road in central Delhi .
making financial transactions above a threshold , electronic and cashless .
it is essential that infants , both girls and boys , get all recommended vaccines at the right time .
palms and nails ,
if the scholarship discontinues his/her studies , the scholarship shall be stopped from the date of such discontinuance .
only one in six women receives care during the postpartum period in india .
PM said , “Shri TSR Subramanian distinguished himself as an outstanding civil servant .
insulin also goes into the bloodstream and travels to the cells .
Cleaner energy and greener development .
the passport seva laghu kendras can give either a `` spoken '' order or a written order .
coconut processors
avoid duplication in processing
digital india aims to provide the much needed thrust to the nine pillars of growth areas , namely
with regular medicines , these home remedies are included in the diet .
institutional mechanisms
diabetic diet is not different from normal diet  ; however some modifications need to be done for the normal diet
counseling should be considered if both parents are of ashkenazi jewish descent .
seek treatment early if exposed  :
information on sex during pregnancy .
the applicant should own a plot of land of minimum dimensions
what to be done at the time of an out break
an additional 5000 power could be generated through cogeneration in the country ’ s 550 sugar mills .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the occasion of Cheti Chand .
do not use the elevator .
the initiative entitles all pregnant women delivering in public health institutions to absolutely free and no expense delivery , including caesarean section .
besides , soil test/soil health card based nutrient management practices , farmland development , resource conservation and crop selection conducive to local agro climatic condition are also promoted under this component .
the consumption of large quantities of alcohol in a short period of time can cause neurological and liver damage .
gave birth less than two years ago
This was the school from where Mahatma Gandhi passed his matriculation in 1887 .
pension is payable at the end of each period , during the policy term of 10 years , as per the frequency of monthly/ quarterly/ half-yearly/ yearly as chosen by the pensioner at the time of purchase .
technology will be used on a large scale to convert waste into wealth in rural india in the forms of bio-fertilizer and different forms of energy .
Prime Minister Modi gratefully accepted the invitation .
Incidence of TB per lakh population has been reduced to 204 in 2017 from 211 in 2016 .
This will be the fourth Annual Summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe .
the ceiling of maximum pension is for a family as a whole , the family will comprise of pensioner , his/her spouse and dependants .
At this meeting last year in Goa , there was a suggestion on closer cooperation between the NDB and BRICS Business Council .
· BRICS Business Council Energy Forum – 24 July ( Johannesburg )
availability of common space in and around the village .
if the problem can be resolved , the person can often return to his or her original level of functioning .
mobile app
The signed MoU will provide impetus to explore newer research activities and application possibilities in the field of remote sensing of the earth , satellite navigation , space science and exploration of outer space .
e-haat is thus a direct interface between buyer and seller , to facilitate marketing of products of women entrepreneurs .
discharge certificate/book ( mandatory for category a to f )
( a ) CRZ-III A – These are densely populated rural areas with a population density of 2161 per square kilometre as per 2011 Census .
a number of environmental factors have been associated with an increased risk of parkinson 's including  :
These guidelines provide a broad framework for expeditious completion of various processes and procedures for closure of CPSEs by laying down important milestones in the closure process along with timelines , outlining the responsibilities of the concerned Ministries/ Departments/ CPSE , etc . , in the process .
it is estimated that petrol/diesel worth rs .1800 crore is sold per day to the customers out of which nearly 20 % was being paid through digital means .
Arunachal Express is running weekly twice from Naharlagun .
the incentive amount provided under gramin to below poverty line identified state households shall be up to rs .12 ,000 for construction of one unit of individual household latrines and provide for water availability , including for storing for hand-washing and cleaning of the toilet .
this protects both mothers and newborns .
moreover , these structures need to work together along with the school community to not only address primary risks ( floods , earthquake , etc . ) but also underlying risks and vulnerabilities to singularly define ‘ safety ’ as a quality issue in education facilities whether government , aided or privately owned .
this biomass passes through various cycles producing different forms of energy sources .
ducks prefer wet mash due to difficulty in swallowing .
establishment of authorities
they need to be clear for emergency calls to get through .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today inaugurated and laid the Foundation Stone for several important development projects , at a public gathering in Banaras Hindu University , Varanasi .
these directive principles provide
those with alzheimer ’ s tend to develop far more .
about national rural health mission
Prime Minister said that police forces have a big role to play in strengthening the bond between police and society .
if based on your report the police believe that the child needs immediate medical care , the police have a duty to help the child get medical care even if it has not filed a report .
X . Central Govt . also has the power to issue directions to the Council , tomake regulations and to add or amend the schedule .
help mothers and fathers develop their emergency plan in case complications should arise with their baby
the annual income of his/her parents/guardians from all sources not exceeding rs . 2 lakhs
when they have a cough or cold they should be kept covered and warm .
the right to information act 2005 is an act of the parliament of india `` to provide for setting out the practical regime of right to information for citizens . ''
the players are expected to take photos of them undertaking the challenge and upload them as proofs for the curator 's approval .
minimum entry qualification  : for being eligible for the scholarship under prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme , an applicant should have secured minimum 60 % marks in minimum entry qualification i .e . 10+2/ diploma/ graduation as the case may be .
victims should receive a tetanus booster if they have not had one within the last 5 years .
The project has augmented the grid connectivity in Jammu & Kashmir .
We would like to go in the same path .
for state level application examination enquiry  :
gender based violence is a global health , human rights and development issue that transcends geography , class , culture , age , race and religion to affect every community and country in every corner of the world .
generate resources locally through donations , user fees and other means  ;
President Kovind also hosted a banquet dinner in honour of His Royal Highness .
This would also lead to setting up a Joint Working Group , drawing members from DOS/ISRO , and Indonesian National Institute of Aeronautics and Space ( LAPAN ) , for the purpose of achieving the goals of this agreement .
the directorate of estates may give preference to the persons with disabilities for providing them accessible accommodation near their place of posting and they may be preferred for allotment of ground floor accommodation .
In this context , he mentioned the benefits of Yoga .
The Productivity Linked Bonus on Railway covers all non-gazetted railway employees ( excluding RPF/RPSF personnel ) who are spread over the entire country .
We have moved on ; may ma-shakti shower her blessings upon us .
key features of the scheme
In line with the Government initiative of ease of doing business , the Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for delegating the powers to Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas and Finance Minister to award the Blocks/Contract Areas to successful bidders under Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing Policy ( HELP ) after International Competitive Bidding ( ICB ) based on the recommendations of Empowered Committee of Secretaries ( ECS ) .
make sure your household has a first aid kit .
the interventions have been named 'shishu ' , 'kishor ' and 'tarun ' to signify the stage of growth / development and funding needs of the beneficiary micro unit / entrepreneur and also provide a reference point for the next phase of graduation / growth to look forward to .
take nutritious diet .
advantages of small hydro power as an energy source
reduce the temperature setting on the geyser
ministry of urban /rural development , department of drinking water and sanitation , ministry of surface transport
access to rights and entitlements
measuring blood pressure of pregnant woman is important to rule out hypertensive disorders of pregnancy .
unwelcome touching or other physical contact
“Today , on World Diabetes Day , let us pledge to lead healthier lives so that we can overcome diabetes .
walk , run , climb , kick and jump easily
if you feel an earthquake that lasts 20 seconds or longer when you are in a coastal area , you should  :
On this occasion , the Prime Minister launched several important development projects as well .
use your user id and password to sign in .
We want to move ahead on that road .
diabetes is a silent epidemic and according to india there are 382 million people in the world living with diabetes as on december 2013 .
applicants pursuing courses , such as diploma courses , not leading to award of a degree or pursuing master degree programme except electronic clearing system subject to first professional course .
a helpline to get started on the national career service platform
when cyclone alerts and warnings are communicated
immunization protects against several dangerous diseases .
maize
health tips
pig husbandry practices
( v ) The Board of each Major Port shall be entitled to create specific master plan in respect of any development or infrastructure established or proposed to be established within the port limits and the land appurtenant thereto and such master plan shall be independent of any local or State Government regulations of any authority whatsoever .
governments and communities can work together to inform the public of the harmful effects of smoky environments and second-hand smoke on children .
she/he can take a further 15 days ( total 45 days ) , provided she/he gives the reasons for the delay in writing .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Policy framework to promote and incentivize Enhanced Recovery ( ER )/ Improved Recovery ( IR )/ Unconventional Hydrocarbon ( UHC ) production Methods/techniques to improve recovery factor of existing hydrocarbons reserves for augmenting domestic production of oil and gas .
Under the MoU , German Social Accident Insurance ( DGUV ) through the International Social Security Association ( ISSA ) is bringing in knowhow to meet the OSH challenges , especially in the construction and manufacturing sector .
He added that India now stands at 3rd place in Power Ranking in the 2018 report of the World Travel & Tourism Council .
they should also be made aware of the existing schemes that provide funds for maternal health , and any other schemes that may be launched from time to time .
step iii - download the form , fill it , and stick one passport size photograph on the space given .
implementing a scheme to ensure that such forest dwellers are not deprived of their due .
all pregnant women and infants need to be immunized against tetanus .
affected individuals also face an increased risk of pneumonia during later stages of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis .
based on eligibility criteria , system itself suggests the schemes for which a student is eligible
to assess environmental impact of foods .
it should include essential nutrients such as proteins and essential fats to help a child 's body grow and have energy , vitamin a to help a child resist illness , iodine to help ensure the healthy development of a child 's brain , and iron to protect a child 's mental and physical abilities .
visual arts
Six Sub-Groups were formed under Homeland Security Dialogue covering the areas of :
in cases where , on the conclusion of the summary trial , the district magistrate / sub-divisional magistrate concludes that the alleged bonded labourer is , in fact , not in a condition of bondage , but requires socio-economic assistance , the district magistrate , may provide state assistance under any other scheme administered by them .
The proposal was earlier considered by the Committee of Secretaries ( CoS ) and the Cabinet on several occasion .
employers must be registered with aadhaar
self-control improves , and understanding of more complex emotions increases .
reproduction is the main component limiting the productive efficiency of pig industry .
natural death
the payment process involves security mechanisms like certificate pinning and use of encryption .
State of Art , Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel Institute of Medical Sciences to be inaugurated in Ahmedabad
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Indian Boxer Mary Kom on her gold at Asian Confederation Women’s Boxing Championships .
It is a crime to deprive the common man of the benefits of a project or a scheme for such a long time .
He enumerated five pillars of the modern information highway .
the woman is to receive the first dose of tetanus toxoid injection well within time
sudden exertion adds to the total mortality .
others may develop difficulty making judgments , reasoning and understanding concepts .
if the water is not clean it can be purified using low-cost solutions at home .
Science is after all , but a means to a far greater end – of making a difference in the lives of others , of furthering human progress and welfare .
who is most at risk  ?
vomiting blood from the stomach
body size  : thin and underweight women tend to have weaker bones
the guidelines also actively promote that educational continuity is maintained / resumed even in the immediate aftermath of a disaster so that children are physically , mentally and emotionally secure within their schools .
vi ) Conservation of Marine and Coastal Resources ;
some worms can cause diarrhea and dysentery .
scholarships under this scheme will be available for studying in classes ix , x , xi , xii , post-matriculation diploma/certificates and bachelor ’ s degree or diploma in india and master ’ s degree from any university recognised by post-matric scholarship , to students with disabilities who are covered under the persons with disabilities ( equal opportunity , protection of rights and full participation ) act , 1995 and the national trust for the welfare of persons with autism , cerebral palsy , mental retardation and multiple disabilities act , 1999 and/or under any relevant legal statute in force .
The Prime Minister said that LED bulbs which earlier cost more than 350 rupees , are now available for 40 to 45 rupees under the Ujala scheme .
when the shaking stops . gather members of your household and move quickly to higher ground away from the coast .
details of professional degree courses applicable for prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme are mentioned in the detailed guidelines
emergency food ( dry items ) and water ( packed and sealed )
a sum of rs . 190 per soil sample is provided to state governments .
immune system
He distributed appointment letters and mini-ATMs to women bank correspondents .
oxidation is thought to cause damage to tissues , including neurons .
roles and responsibilities
Decline by 2 .7% in the Maternal Mortality Ratio ( MMR ) to 130 during 2014-16 from 178 during 2010-12 ; Decline in the Infant Mortality Rate ( IMR ) to 34 in 2016 as compared to 44 in 2011 .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the NCC rally in New Delhi .
the mission aims to cover 1 .04 crore households , provide 2 .5 lakh community toilets , 2 .6 lakh public toilets , and a solid waste management facility in each town .
The prototypes developed were exhibited by the young student innovators before Prime Minister of India Shri Narendra Modi and President of Russian Federation , Mr . Vladimir Putin and on 5th October , 2018 .
Land measuring 56 .67 acres of the Government of India Text Books Presses ( GITBPs ) at Chandigarh , Bhubaneswar and Mysuru will be returned to the respective State Governments .
solar panels are bulky .
rank and record office for retired defence personnel
Prime Minister Modi made a strong case for a partnership between the producers and consumers , in the oil market , as it exists in other markets .
there will be no rank restriction for the categories a to e .
dietary fibre is that part of food which is not digested by the body .
the programme aims to develop the skills of youth , considering the opportunities for employment in the growing solar energy power project ’ s installation , operation & maintenance in india and abroad .
can the doctor deny performing an abortion  ?
integrated fish farming-cum-rabbit fanning
developing standard operating procedures  ;
PM earlier visited Kerala on January 15 , 2019 to inaugurate Kollam bypass and also visited Padmanabhaswamy Temple in Thiruvananthapuram
the internet is a way to stay connected with friends and family .
to further promote inter-state travel for boosting business activities of various hues .
this committee takes decisions pertaining to the handling of a nuclear emergency outside the site boundary and ensures implementation of countermeasures such as sheltering , prophylaxis and evacuation and resettlement , including maintenance of law and order and civil amenities .
The course of India’s centuries-old route to South East Asia also ran through Singapore .
physical fighting can lead to severe injuries , and it is associated with substance misuse and other problem behaviours .
latest water / telephone / electricity / gas connection bill for that address , either in the name of the applicant or that of his / her immediate relation like parents etc . or
Technical cooperation between regulatory agencies ;
one time bharat net
user enters one time password and enters his preferred numeric one time password and clicks on submit
interested institutions will apply for such assistance directly to the research studies concerned and copy to the office of research studies giving all the relevant details in the prescribed format .
the ransomware also spreads through malicious attachments to emails .
insecticide-treated mosquito nets should be used throughout the year , even when there are fewer mosquitoes , such as during the dry season .
each sub-mission will act as a building block for achieving the overall objectives of the mission .
know the height of your street above sea level and the distance of your street from the coast or other high-risk waters .
Within two years , the civil and electrical work of the institute will be completed .
management of pigs is very much essential for optimum production of pig meat .
The pay and allowances of Lieutenant Governors of Union Territories remain at par with those of officers of the rank of Secretary to the Government of India .
full year 's credit requirement of the borrower taken care of .
electrical systems are maintained and operable , in compliance with fire safety design criteria
breastmilk is the safest ( and most nutritious ) milk for infants and young children .
Both the projects are being set up in two phases .
integrated manure management
Minister of State in the Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation .
In their brief opening remarks , Minister for Petroleum and Natural Gas , Shri Dharmendra Pradhan , and Shri Rajiv Kumar , Vice Chairman NITI Aayog gave an overview of the work done in this sector .
if you are not a registered member , you need to register to create your account .
India has won gold medals in various tournaments and has been the World Champion once .
developing and providing required technical manpower and knowledge in the areas of safety , health and environment at workplaces in different sectors .
Appreciating the presentations , the Prime Minister said that the Union Government has given operational freedom to the public sector undertakings , so that they can improve their performance .
payment of purchase price
identity proof- voter card/ card/passport/ aadhaar card , /driving license etc
very cheap compared to tank methods as no infrastructure is required .
( b ) mass awareness ,
select the relevant forum from the list below , to participate in the ongoing discussion or to start a new discussion .
He said that conferences and cultural activities will draw government officials and private companies .
while waiting for doctor or ambulance , reassure and comfort casualty .
The tag-line of this Summit is very appropriate and gives a big Message .
a technology acquisition and development fund has been proposed for the acquisition of appropriate technologies , the creation of a patent pool and the development of domestic manufacturing of equipment used for controlling pollution and reducing energy consumption .
this counselling process will give women confidence and support to address violence or to seek justice for the violence perpetuated .
It was the map of an India that was divided into myriad fragments .
skimming is the theft of credit card / debit card information .
certified seed
Recently , an MoU was signed between UPSC and RCSC , Bhutan for the third time on 29 .05 .2017 valid for a period of 3 years .
He described in great detail the Gram Swaraj Abhiyan .
Reiterating Government’s commitment to provide social security coverage to all , Prime Minister noted that over 20 crore people have been brought under the three major social security schemes ( Pradhan MantriSurakshaBima Yojana , Pradhan MantriJeevanJyoti Yojana , Atal Pension Yojana ) in the last three years .Prime Minister also ensured the beneficiaries that the government will continue its efforts of ensuring welfare of all its citizens , especially the poor and vulnerable , and empower them in the best way possible .
Cabinet approves amendment to the Cinematograph Act , 1952 Penal Provisions for unauthorized camcording and duplication of films Violators to face three years jail term or fine of Rs . 10 lakh or both
this equates to driving 360 kilometers in an average car .
Condolences to his family and supporters ” , the Prime Minister said .
aadhaar based authentication is carried out to address the first challenge and public key infrastructure is used to securely sign the user document and establish the trust .
instead of using buffalo milk for the preparation of curd and coffee , use cows / toned milk .
the pain allows most people to function normally , despite the headache .
the process of ageing is considered to start when a person has `` completed the traditional adult roles of making a living and child rearing and enters the years following the completion of these tasks that represent an extension of life '' ( tibbitts ) .
conducting an abortion without fulfilling the conditions is considered a crime .
injectable iron preparation ( e .g . imferon ) may be given as usual .
Day-2 of PM visit to Gujarat marked the beginning of three day long Vibrant Gujarat Summit-2019 .
advise mothers and fathers on stis , including hiv , and if they are infected with hiv , how to care for themselves and their child and how to practise breastfeeding in a way that reduces the risk of infecting the child
Prime Minister added that Pradhan Mantri Bhartiya Janaushadhi Pariyojna was launched with this intention so that poor , lower middle class and middle class get access to affordable medicines and their financial burden is reduced .
the mouth may be washed out with water , but none must be swallowed
apprentices can be engaged from the following four categories  :
the portal provides comprehensive and latest information on all passport related services .
government of india has further reinforced the legal framework on chemical safety and management of chemical accidents by enacting new rules such as gas cylinder rules , hazardous waste rules , dock workers rules and by way of amendments to them .
The MoU aims for exchange of expertise and networking of information .
pradhan mantri yuva yojana ( yuva udyamita vikas abhiyan ) is a is a centrally sponsored scheme on entrepreneurship education and training being implemented by the ministry of skill development and entrepreneurship , government of india .
affirmative action
severe abdominal pain
the amount of assistance for survey of bonded labourers is rs . 4 .50 lakh per district .
in such cases , always family members will support and understands you to solve the problem
He will join in the celebrations to mark one-year of the State Government .
Diesel Locomotive Works has converted two WDG3A Diesel Locos into a Twin Electric WAGC3 loco of 10 ,000 HP .
eat small meals regularly at frequent intervals .
it further states that any person can verify an electronic record by use of a public key of the subscriber .
several things help compensate for this decline .
The Prime Minister said that the discourse had long been about politicians getting fancy homes built .
trade related entrepreneurship assistance and development scheme for women
loss of one eye or one limb , in an accident
she must be told that if she has any of the following during pregnancy , delivery or postpartum/post-abortion , she should immediately visit a hospital or health centre , without waiting , be it day or night .
it is evident that the existing education machinery in the country is keen to promote safe learning environment for children and teachers but actual implementation of programmes on ground points to limited understanding of the concept of safety .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with the Commonwealth Games 2018 medal winners in Table Tennis .
agricultural marketing
India is the third largest source of tourists in Singapore and its fastest growing .
both day scholar and hostellers are eligible to apply
· 8th Meeting of the BRICS Ministers of Agriculture and Agrarian Development – 19 to 22 June ( Mpumalanga )
nearly 17 ,000 government staff including vaccine store managers and cold chain handlers have been trained on mobile and web-based evin application while over 6 ,700 temperature loggers have been installed .
install and maintain a firewall on your computer .
a maximum of rs 1 .5 lakh can be deposited during a financial year .
healthy /active ageing
skills and knowledge are the driving forces of economic growth and social development in a country .
eyes  :
they have brought name and fame in the country and abroad .
sal leaf
you can also get visitor pass sent to your email .
“Make use of all that knowledge in practical life .
In this context , he mentioned initiatives taken by the Government such as Jan Dhan Yojana , Ujjwala Yojana , Swachh Bharat Mission , insurance schemes , Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana , and the recently launched Saubhagya Yojana .
the appointing authorities and the medical boards have to view the cases of persons with disabilities with utmost sympathy while considering them for appointment .
all mothers , particularly those who might lack the confidence to breastfeed , need the encouragement and practical support of the baby 's father and their families , friends and relatives .
brain tumors can cause epilepsy , although this is very rare .
information about child welfare committees would be prepared and shared among all rescue teams and stakeholders .
evaluation of the growing crop in the field for varietal purity , isolation of seed crop is to prevent out-cross , physical admixtures , disease dissemination and also ensure crop condition as regards to the spread of designated diseases and the presence of objectionable weed plants etc .
You must have viewed an animated video depicting me , that has been widely circulated .
missing children
to ensure flow of credit to the agriculture sector .
do not smoke , lit fire or spark in the identified hazardous area
He said , “Kutch which was once considered a deserted place , has been converted into a prime tourist destination ” .
washing the face and hands with soap and water every day helps to prevent eye infections .
death due to any cause
families can help prevent pneumonia by making sure babies are exclusively breastfed for the first six months and that all children are well nourished and fully immunized .
the increasing temperature indicates the level of severity of the disease .
After the Convocation , the Prime Minister will inaugurate the new building of the Department of Energy Science & Engineering ; and Centre for Environmental Science and Engineering , at IIT Bombay .
And , you need the government even to grant permission to export .
soil health and productivity
key challenges for safe schools
marek ’ s disease is very similar to lymphoid leukosis , but marek ’ s usually occurs in chickens 12 to 25 weeks of age and lymphoid leukosis usually starts at 16 weeks of age .
transient ischemic attack .
water and soap should be provided in a private place ( bathing area , latrine ) for girls and women to wash during menstruation and for washing their hands after changing their cloth/napkin .
A sum of Rs . 23 ,050 crore has been approved for the programme for the Fourteenth Finance Commission ( FFC ) period 2017-18 to 2019-20 .
the child needs immediate treatment from a trained health worker , who can also provide a referral to a health facility .
keep yourself updated with recent internet phenomena .
the first symptoms of rabies are flu-like , including fever , headache and fatigue , which then progresses to involve the respiratory , gastrointestinal and/or central nervous systems .
a child with a fever should be examined immediately by a trained health worker and receive an appropriate antimalarial treatment as soon as possible if diagnosed with malaria .
this forum is available for discussion on issues related to agriculture .
deficient medical treatment of complications
revenue departments/ health deptt .
do not turn on switches .
with better access to finance , technology and open markets , the self-employed workforce has a huge potential for to grow and become entrepreneurs who could provide employment opportunities to others .
cytotoxins cause local tissue damage .
application and process guidelines for setting up of community radio stations
Minister of Road Transport and Highways ; Minister of Shipping ; and Minister of Water Resources , River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation .
use of virtual is more secure , no credential sharing
damp cloths can carry germs that can lead to infections .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Odisha and Chhattisgarh on September 22 , 2018 .
why not try it . .
applicants availing benefit of other scholarship scheme/getting stipend and financial assistance .
Noting that CPSEs have modern R&D infrastructure , in addition to the facilities that exist in CSIR and ICAR etc , the Prime Minister said that innovation and research now need to be integrated .
symptoms during pregnancy
identify safe places indoors and outdoors .
the buyer will have the option of approaching the seller physically , telephonically or through email or any other means as convenient to him/her .
fresh subscription voucher shall be issued in the name of the beneficiary on same deposit as in original subscription voucher .
stroke
He said the 12000 HP engines , the first of which rolled out today , will help in significantly improving the speeds of goods trains .
The Prime Minister appreciated the efforts of State Government of Haryana in successfully implementing the vision of the Union Government .
- should be a notified variety under section-5 of the indian seed act , 1966 .
other lifestyle factors that can lead to osteoporosis are  :
it is reiterated that unmonitored use of any electronic communication device is strictly prohibited in school and school bus and any reported violation in this regard would attract disciplinary action from cbse .
He advocated the message of equality in society , not through mere words but through concrete endeavour .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Finance .
village swachhtha index is derived out of cleanliness index as per the following  :
roadside plantations
the neo-natal deaths are expected to reduce to below 2 .28 lakh annually by 2030 , once the goal is achieved .
The Prime Minister expressed hope that CPSEs would participate in a big way in realizing the resolve of New India .
unsafe structures can increase the vulnerability of children who are the primary target group of such efforts .
For encouraging the development of Micro and Small enterprises in the defence sector , the Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises– which was notified in 2012 – has been made mandatory from April 2015 .
The Prime Minister said that medical colleges and hospitals are coming up across Gujarat .
after six months of age , a child should eat a variety of healthy foods and continue to breastfeed , to ensure that she or he gets the nutrients necessary to stay healthy and be less susceptible to respiratory infections and other illnesses .
These Hospitals will provide comprehensive treatment to the patients from UP , and nearby states of MP , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Bihar .
hydrogen is a by - product in chlor - alkali industries .
rabies can be prevented in almost 100 % of human cases if correct preventative treatment is given timely after being exposed to suspected rabid animals .
both seller and buyers will have to indemnify mahila e-haat from any or all acts of transgression .
He reiterated that the Union Government is committed to cleaning the River Ganga .
after successfully submission of your application , user can upload supporting documents by clicking on upload option .
engaged in a sexual act .
all nutrients are retained in the tank so resulting compost is more nutrient rich .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi made a telephone call to the President of the Republic of Indonesia H . E . Joko Widodo today .
the micro must not transmit any confidential data unencrypted on the network
Not only me , whole India and whole South Africa is eager to listen to the thoughts of the Hon’ble President .
scholarship as a free add-on benefit will be provided to a maximum of two children of the beneficiary studying between 9th to 12th standard @ rs .100/= per month for each child payable half yearly – on 1st july and on 1st january , each year .
importance of seeking ante natal check-ups and post natal check-ups
urban areas are also centres of economic activities with vital infrastructure which needs to be protected 24x7 .
steps to transfer funds using account number .
a child who is breathing rapidly or with difficulty might have pneumonia , an infection of the lungs .
merchants should ensure that all their wi-fi and internet connections are secured .
vaccination against rotavirus prevents diarrhoea caused by this virus .
a less common cause of hemorrhage is the rupture of an arteriovenous malformation an abnormal tangle of thin-walled blood vessels , present at birth .
More recently , in April 2017 , the Prime Minister , and the Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull travelled by metro to the Akshardham Temple .
teachers should be prepared to support young children who are still developing their basic potential for learning .
turning of material
the seamen 's provident fund act , 1966
during six weeks after delivery , the mother experiences a number of physical and emotional changes
obesity , particularly abdominal obesity , is linked to the development of type 2 diabetes .
Our saints and seers created as well as nurtured institutions which have helped society for centuries , the Prime Minister said .
in case of applicant passed xii exam from university grant commission , marks obtained in best of five subjects out of 500 will be considered for calculating the percentage of marks in minimum entry qualification .
He announced that the work is afoot to employ displaced Kashmiris in 3000 posts .
Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of Sela Tunnel in Arunachal Pradesh .
deen dayal antyodaya yojana
a lack of head control when baby is pulled from a lying to a sitting position ( head lag ) .
original connection shall be terminated through subscription voucher .
vaccines are available .
if you believe that central public information officer has given you incomplete , misleading or false information under this act ,
sometimes , though , if the brain damage is severe , a person may be permanently disabled or never regain consciousness .
A centre for inter faith studies will be set up at Guru Nanak Dev University , Amritsar .
the indian constitution establishes a welfare state .
the full scheme entails an investment of rs 43 ,033 crore which includes the requirement of budgetary support of rs . 33 ,453 crore from goi over the entire implementation period .
a thin layer of dry waste is laid over the moistened layer .
however , the loan outstanding shall be recovered from the claim proceeds at the time of exit .
improved soil treatment ,
This is no mean achievement and deserve whole hearted appreciation .
training expenses of operating staff on reducing scale .
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 4986
ayush that is ayurveda , yoga & naturopathy , unani , siddha and homoeopathy is gaining popularity .
even if a woman was immunized earlier , she needs to check with a trained health worker for advice on tetanus toxoid immunization .
use a stick to check the firmness of the ground in front of you .
The Prime Minister said , “Two medals in two days!
coverage value of scholarship and ad-hoc grant
PM said Government is also working towards setting up a National Centre for Excellence for Animation , Visual Effects , Gaming and Comics .
India and the EU also recognised the role being played by Bangladesh in extending humanitarian assistance to the people in need .
• An outlay of Rs .100 crore has been earmarked in the North Eastern States for police infrastructure upgradation , training institutes , investigation facilities etc .
it will lead to transparency and accountability in inspections .
He said 14 projects are also being implemented in the State under the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana .
proof of residence  :
scholarship of rs .2000/- per month for xi and xii
the scheme envisages economic empowerment of such women through trade related training , information and counseling extension activities related to trades , products , services etc .
applications for scholarships from such students can be considered even after lapse of last date of receipt of applications , on compassionate grounds .
ideally the first visit should take place in the first trimester ( first three months of pregnancy ) , before or at the 12th week of pregnancy
avoid contact with blood , faeces , urine and vomit and body solutions .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveiled the state of art , super-speciality public hospital – Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Medical Sciences and Research in Ahmedabad today .
Mr . Luis Miguel Etchevehere , Secretary , Agro Industry
there are two chief types of stroke .
after two hours , cooked foods are not safe unless they are kept very hot or very cold . )
its supply is estimated to last only for the next 30 to 60 years , depending on the actual demand .
3 mega prizes for merchants worth rs 50 lakhs , 25 lakh , 12 lakh for digital transactions between 8th november , 2016 to 13th april , 2017
• 4-laning of Aunta-Simariya section of NH-31 and construction of 6-lane Ganga Setu
execution period  :
Information on progress of schemes such as Saubhagya and Ujala has been made available , he said .
to recognize pro bono legal work being provided by lawyers and legal professionals
PM will also receive the country’s first container consignment ( post independence ) to be sent on an inland waterways vessel .
I had laid the foundation for a new line to take rail connectivity to Aizawl in 2014 .
Timely creation of proposed posts in the Cadre Review of Group ‘A’ posts in the Force will enhance its supervisory as well as administrative capabilities .
He also inaugurated Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Medical Sciences and Research , Ahmedabad and the Ahmedabad Shopping Festival .
rape by someone who is in a position of trust with the victim ( hospital staff , relatives or guardians , person in control or dominance )  ;
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding between India and Japan on Development of Advanced Model Single Window .
The decision comes in the wake of the long pending demand of people of Tripura as well as the Tripura Government for paying tribute to Maharaja Bir Bikram Manikya Kishore .
traditional organic input production units like panchagavya , beejamruth and jeevamruth etc . @ rs .1500 /unit / acre x 50 acre
about 75 per cent of our crude oil needs are met from imports which would cost about rs .1 , 50 ,000 crore a year
The Prime Minister remarked that most of the awardees are from rural and humble backgrounds .
The Multi-Modal Logistics Park will establish Jharsuguda as a prime logistics hub in Odisha and boost ease of doing business in the State .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi visited Kollam in Kerala today .
upon receipt of such information , ministry of social justice & empowerment will give clearance to the concerned states on the first come first-serve basis upto 20 awards for the country as a whole .
To strengthen strategic collaboration , joint research programme and exchanges betweenUniversity of Tsukuba , Japan and Sports Authority of India
purpose of heat-wave action plan
The Eastern Peripheral Expressway ( EPE ) , will contribute towards the twin objectives of decongesting and de-polluting the national capital by diverting traffic not destined for Delhi .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has strongly condemned the terror attacks in Afghanistan yesterday .
reservations for persons with disabilities
two abnormal structures called plaques and tangles are prime suspects in damaging and killing nerve cells .
paleness in the gums , eyelids , tongue , or palms .
boar
establishment should be registered with employees ' provident fund under employees ' provident fund act 1952 and have a valid labour identification number
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Belgium on Cooperation in the field of Information Communication Technology and Electronics ( ICT&E ) .
any standard vitamin preparation two or three times the quantity used for infants may be administered to the piglings until they start taking feed .
­ multi-sectoral synergy .
persons above sixty years of age are classified as aged persons .
Maneka Gandhi , Minister for Women and Child Development , was present on the occasion .
excessive bleeding i .e . soaking more than 2–3 pads in 20–30 minutes after delivery .
The Prime Minister will remotely inaugurate various urban development projects worth over 4000 crore rupees , at various locations across the State .
every farmer will be provided rs . 20 ,000 per acre in three years for seed to harvesting of crops and to transport produce to the market .
the person has 6 months to do this .
national agriculture market is being deployed in 585 regulated wholesale markets covering 16 states , 2 uts .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has condemned the terror attack in New York City .
student can also use forgot registration esign to retrieve their esign
develop and deliver entrepreneurship education to all citizens free of charge through massive open on - line courses and other on - line programmes accessible through a learning management system .
Prime Minister Modi warmly recalled the successful visit of Mr . Shinzo Abe , Prime Minister of Japan , to India last year , and said that he is looking forward to visiting Japan later this year .
From cards to QRs and wallets , digital transactions in India are growing rapidly .
worms ’ optimal temperature range is 15 - 35 degrees celsius .
the pig sty should be well ventilated .
lack of appetite .
introduction
basic training providers must have an aadhaar linked bank account .
The Prime Minister said that on many occasions , what the “Sarkar ” cannot do , “Sanskar ” can do .
pradhan mantri awas yojana ( housing for all - urban )
every bonded labour including child bonded labour in the country is covered under the scheme .
jansankhya sthirata kosh ( jsk ) ( national population stabilization fund ) is implementing its strategy in all districts of seven states namely bihar , uttar pradesh , madhya pradesh , rajasthan , jharkhand , odisha and chhattisgarh with different partners .
a child is also entitled to relief under the domestic violence act .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has greeted the people of Uttarakhand on Uttarakhand Foundation Day .
government departments should be provided with ict infrastructures , such as connectivity , cloud and mobile platform on demand .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and South Africa on cooperation in the exploration and uses of outer space for peaceful purposes .
Scaled up cooperation in skill development and exchange of best practices will be a valuable instrument .
the act enables the companies to file any form , application or any other document with any office , authority , body or agency owned or controlled by the appropriate government in electronic form by means of such electronic form as may be prescribed by the appropriate government .
grievance redress mechanism
activities for a clean and green village consisting of  :
in this way during three years 10 ,000 clusters will be formed covering 5 .0 lakh acre area under organic farming .
it is safe for a pregnant woman to be immunized against tetanus .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of two Bilateral Memorandums of Understanding signed between India and Cuba , and India and Korea in the area of Biotechnology .
they are normally found at the points of contact where the current entered and left the body .
Professor Vasudevan has given this technology to the Government for free .
it will also cause a decrease in egg production as the hen-pecked birds become stressed .
quick guides
surrender value
The Prime Minister said that Buddhism had further strengthened these bonds of friendship between the two countries .
flies that settle on faeces and then on food also transmit the germs that cause diarrhoea .
Mining accident rates in Australia is the lowest in the world .
an inspection team consisting of experts like a civil engineer , a health officer , a revenue officer , a psychologist , a fire officer , a local body officer and a development officer besides the educational authorities shall carry inspection and assessment of infrastructural facilities before the commencement of each academic year .
traffic problems ( traffic jams or rallies , raasta rokos etc )
India’s strengths in agriculture , are many and diverse .
it is important to know designated escape routes before a warning is issued .
listen to the radio or television for updates and information .
broad themes covered in each exhibition coach
never keep username , account name and passwords at one place .
in addition , `` cyber swachhta kendra '' will strive to create awareness among citizens to secure their data , computers , mobile phones and devices such as home routers .
Mann Ki Baat addresses an aspirational India , an ambitious India .
failure to provide or delay in providing a banking facility ( other than loans and advances ) promised in writing by a bank or its direct selling agents
I am also happy to be here in a special year .
more than one children of the same worker also should furnish separate bank account number .
in casualties who are only just unconscious , the eyes may be moving about and when a bright light is shone into them the pupil ’ s contract .
mines and inflammable substances or explosives ( such as firework factories ) .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Uzbekistan for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism .
each stage of development is part of a continuum , building on the previous stage and affecting the next .
vayoshreshtha sammans - a scheme of national award for senior citizens .
Salient features of the MoU are as under :
if your house has been shifted in other polling area or constituency , then there is need to transposition your entry in the electoral roll of that area
India lacks an integrated world class facility which can meet the requirements of global exhibition-cum convention operators in terms of space , project facilities , transportation linkages , etc . at a large scale .
childbirth usually occurs about 38 weeks after conception and in women who have a menstrual cycle length of four weeks , this is approximately 40 weeks from the start of the last normal menstrual period .
The theme for the 14th PBD was “Redefining engagement with the Indian diaspora ” .
on recognising the potential for an uncontrolled release of radioactivity into the public domain , the concerned district authorities are alerted to be on standby for emergency response operations .
prevent identity theft
infection or sepsis
Governor of Uttar Pradesh , Shri Ram Naik , CM of UP Shri Yogi Adityanath , Chairman of Akshaya Patra Foundation Swami Madhu Pandit Dasa and other dignitaries were present on the occasion .
ajay shares those photos with his friends on whatsapp .
services offered in national voter service portal
Earlier , on arrival at the Academy , the Prime Minister offered floral tributes on the statues of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel and former Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for introduction of Dam Safety Bill , 2018 in the Parliament .
there will be provision of emergency list for inspection of serious cases in specific circumstances .
in this endeavour of the ministry , complete information of all 11 lakh units for these organizations has been collected , digitized and de-duplicated reducing the total number to 6-7 lakh .
I go back with your blessings and assure you that I will work even harder for the nation , the Prime Minister said to the people of Vadnagar .
The 9th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit gets underway at Mahatma Mandir Exhibition cum Convention Centre in Gandhinagar tomorrow .
triple layer surgical mask of standard and certified make should be worn by suspected/ probable/confirmed cases of influenza or by the care provider in home care settings and close family contacts of such cases undergoing home care .
protect yourself by staying under the lintel of an inner door , in the corner of a room , under a table or even under a bed .
Special emphasis has been given to development of infrastructure related to Digital India .
if the communication is happening over the phone , then there are options which allow you to block calls and texts from certain numbers .
type of food to be taken during fever
it is an initiative of the department of pension & pensioners ' welfare , government of india .
best practices for secure usage of point of sale systems
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Bihar on October 14 , 2017 .
it seeks to improve the levels of cleanliness in rural areas through solid and liquid waste management activities and making gram panchayats open defecation free , clean and sanitised .
“India salutes the brave CRPF personnel who were martyred in the attack in Sukma , Chhattisgarh .
a right to be admitted , treated and cared in a psychiatric hospital or psychiatric nursing home or convalescent home established or maintained by the government or any other person for the treatment and care of mentally ill persons ( other than the general hospitals or nursing homes of the government ) .
We are exploring the setting up of a technology demonstration Centre in India to showcase Belarusian technology .
cities/towns located on the coast , on river banks , upstream/ downstream of dams , inland cities and in hilly areas can all be affected .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to the martyrs of the Jallianwala Bagh massacre .
submit right to information complaint to central information commission
prevention - control is by prevention through effective hatchery sanitation , hatchery procedures , breeder flock surveillance , and proper preincubation handling of eggs .
diarrhoea medicines are generally ineffective and can be harmful .
are less than 1 .5 metres tall
counsellors
the andaman and nicobar islands are also situated on an inter-plate boundary and frequently experience damaging earthquakes .
fill in the institute registration form and click on submit button .
with more 10 million indians who suffer from epilepsy , the crucial thing is to not lose time .
enables 4 .17 crore employees to have their provident fund account portable , hassle-free and universally accessible
these centres are being established across the country to provide integrated support and assistance under one roof to women affected by violence , both in private and public spaces in phased manner .
some people have occasional headaches that resolve quickly while others are debilitated .
he/she has completed 14 years of age and fulfills other requirements of the apprentices act , 1961 .
financial
facts on ageing
models
In May 2014 , the total number of defence licenses issued stood at 215 .
mentally ill persons have the right to get regulated , directed and co-ordinated mental health services from the government .
After negotiations the draft MoU was finalised and signed during the visit of Hon’ble Minister of State for External Affairs Mr . M .J . Akbar on behalf of MeitY , Government of India and Mr . Domingos Custodio Vieira Lopes , Secretary of State for International Cooperation and Angolan Communities , on behalf of Minister of Telecommunications and Information Technology , Government of Angola .
a mobile app has also been developed & made available in ‘ google play store ’ & ‘ app store ’ for downloading .
The MoU signifies an important landmark in the civil aviation relations between India and other BRICS Member States and has the potential to spur greater trade , investment , tourism and cultural exchanges amongst the BRICS Nations .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , today dedicated the Bogibeel bridge in Assam , to the nation .
in addition to providing real-time information on vaccine stocks , the system also helps to track storage temperature of vaccines .
we have , to date , reached out to over three million children across the nation through such calls .
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today chaired a high-level meeting to review preparedness for Cyclone Fani .
application procedure
He said that in Gujarat , there is a constant effort to ensure that adequate water reaches every part of the state .
all gram panchayat are to be targeted for coverage with an solid and liquid waste management project .
being overweight ( body mass index of 25 to 29 ) or obese ( body mass index of 30 or higher ) .
ageing
For strengthening of NH-234 , PM will lay the foundation stone for the widening and strengthening of carriage ways and culverts .
health system , ministry of health and family welfare
another group of people called 'safai karamcharis ' are also sometimes considered as manual scavengers -
aadhaar will give yes/no answers to any identity authentication queries
any additional loans beyond rs . 6 lakhs , will be at nonsubsidized rate .
1 . Global Supply Chain , Transportation , Port , Border and Maritime Security ,
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families .
the criteria below have been formulated by the indian meteorological department , which classifies the low pressure systems in the bay of bengal and the arabian sea on the basis of capacity to damage , which is adopted by the indian meteorological department .
why it is important  ?
there is very little clarity on whether police officers can act of their own accord to take cognizance of copyright infringement ( and therefore make arrests without warrants ) , and on whether detainees accused of copyright infringement have a right to get bail .
many people have been killed or injured trying to rescue others in flooded areas .
29-32 and then subsequently reduced @ 3o week till it reaches 24
all houses built or expanded under the mission should essentially have toilet facility .
supporting document means copy of complaint , bank reply , evidence etc .
engagement matrix between states and union territory
The Joint Working Group will meet once in a year , alternately in the Netherlands and in India .
He said that the target is to generate 40 percent of India’s total energy requirements in 2030 , by non fossil fuel based sources .
hair can fall out for many different reasons .
they apply to all stakeholders involved in delivery of education to children in india .
The Prime Minister said that the maximum benefit of enhanced infrastructure will be for the middle class , and the medium enterprises of the country .
uses of food composition tables
national agriculture market provides a number of benefits to various stakeholders of the system .
the selected candidate has to ensure that an all weather motorable approach road ( public or private road connecting to the public road ) of minimum 2 .5 metre width is made available to provide access of piped natural gas cylinder truck to the offered land for godown / piped natural gas godown .
although there are many specific types of energy , the two major forms are kinetic energy and potential energy .
annual lighting emission reduction of 617 kg is equivalent to 61 additional trees
cowpea anthracnose
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for leasing out 1 .61 acres of land bearing khasara No .91/15 located at Alipur Delhi , owned by Delhi Milk Scheme to Small Farmers Agribusiness Consortium ( SFAC ) for setting up of KisanMandi .
it is geared , particularly for district administrators to help focus on solid and liquid waste management along with open defecation free activities .
startup india
2 . Total completion cost of the project is Rs .1 ,967 crore .
do not leave children or pets in parked vehicles .
1410  : manufacture of wearing apparel , except fur apparel
swachh vidyalaya
children 's minds develop rapidly when they are talked to , touched and cuddled  ;
in most cases , the offender is a family member/near relative or an acquaintance .
acknowledge and encourage positive behaviour and set clear and consistent limits
This is now similar to the MCA provisions of Highway Sector .
in people who are deeply unconscious , however , the eyes may be fixed as if looking straight ahead with the pupils dilated ( bigger than normal )  ; the pupils will not contract when a light is shone into them .
to get the list of approved clusters , click here .
The 25 PRAGATI meetings have seen a cumulative review of 227 projects with a total investment of over Rs . 10 lakh crore .
annual malaria incidence to be 1/1000
if a person who appears unconscious recovers and ‘ comes to ’ quickly when shaken , spoken to sharply , or pinched - instantly knows where he is and who he is - then that person was asleep and not unconscious .
the current installed nuclear power capacity is 5780 .
the newly elected officer will have the option to select the gram panchayat of their choice and two more subsequently by 2019 .
for detailed help document , click here .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today spoke at the closing session of the Conference of Governors at Rashtrapati Bhawan .
the objective of the scheme is to provide financial assistance to the scheduled caste students studying at post matriculation or post-secondary stage to enable them to complete their education .
the transaction flow to generate mobile pin is as follows  :
He dedicated to the nation , ESIC Hospital Chennai .
for them , other options are available .
technology development , extension & training
the government had implemented the national digital literacy mission or the digital saksharta abhiyan or national digital literacy mission to impart information & communication technology training to 52 .5 lakh persons , including anganwadi and accredited social health activist workers and authorised ration dealers in all the states across the country so that the non-information & communication technology literate citizens are trained to become information & communication technology literate so as to enable them to actively and effectively participate in the democratic and developmental process and also enhance their livelihood .
The Prime Minister distributed packed milk to select school-children to mark the launch of Kanha Milk Scheme for students in government schools .
Many international companies in India have taken a lead in contract farming initiatives .
wear long pants , a long-sleeved shirt , and sturdy shoes .
she should lie down for an hour or so during the day , and sleep between six and ten hours every night .
Government of India is promoting oil palm by implementing several programmes since 1986-87 and from 2014-15 through NMOOP .
Addressing a public gathering , PM said that his government is working for a healthy India .
Route Layout of Four Laning of Solapur-Tuljapur-Osmanabad section
while identifying the eligible couples , there is a need to examine the reason for the girl ’ s marriage at 19 years .
amount to be paid @ rs .4 each successfully seeded request ( taxes applicable )
general precautions during normal time
He said that one of the aims of this scheme is also to increase self-confidence among the people .
Cabinet also approved selling 82 .37 acres of land of the Company at Hospet to Karnataka Government for use of the Karnataka State Housing Board .
the first visit of registration of a pregnant woman for antenatal clinic should take place as soon as the pregnancy is suspected .
49 . The Sides reaffirmed the commitment of India and Russia for a political resolution of the conflict in Syria , through an inclusive Syrian-led , Syrian-owned political process which safeguards the state sovereignty , independence and territorial integrity of Syria in pursuance of United Nations Security Council Resolution 2254 ( 2015 ) .
Finance Ministry officials briefed him on the progress made in this regard .
vaccination schedule
weakness or lightheadedness ( particularly if worsening on standing ) ,
a special feature in india is that we have heavy rainfall during monsoons .
photo
a child with a fever in these areas should be checked by a trained health worker immediately .
hence the fraudster poses as a member of staff .
direct that the whole or any specified part of a scheduled area shall cease to be a scheduled area or a part of such an area  ;
The Prime Minister said that India is today the biggest producer of carpets , and has about 35 percent of the global marketshare .
naturally , the elements of an adarsh gram would be context specific .
boring hand pump ( minimum rates prescribed by state drinking water department subject to a ceiling of rs . 1 .00 lacs )
ii ) Drug Regulation and Pharmaceutical quality control ;
the country 's first toll-free tele-helpline for street children has grown into a national child protection service that operates in over 372 locations in india .
simple signature verification
However , if the StateGovernment expresses inability , the Central Government may release some grant for initial years to the State Council .
insecticides act 1968
if you see the sea water receding , you must immediately leave the beach and go to higher ground far away from the beach .
The Prime Minister will then travel to Anjar .
H .E . Khalid Al Falih , Minister of Energy , Industry and Mineral Resources
number of such apprentices may be upto 20 % of the target in a year .
do not move about or kick up dust .
increases resistance to other infections
the health impacts of heat waves typically involve dehydration , heat cramps , heat exhaustion and/or heat stroke .
The Green Growth Equity Fund ( GGEF ) , a joint initiative by the Governments of India and the UK under India’s flagship National Investment and Infrastructure Fund , will provide financing to the fast-growing Indian renewable energy sector .
livestock & fishery ,
and ( 3 ) cover food and drinking water .
In a world suffering from mental stress , Yoga promises calm .
person in custody
it is a password with lots of variations .
nature of assistance
warning signs during pregnancy include  :
telephone lines are frequently overwhelmed in disaster situations .
use a electrical appliances star rated refrigerator
And it is a measure of our shared ambition and commitment that six short months after that visit ; your extraordinary visit is taking place to India .
newcastle disease
woman or a child
He dedicated the first phase of the Madhepura Electric Locomotive Factory to the nation .
take bath every day using soap and clean water to keep your skin clean .
site selection for composting
life certificate ( age 60 years and above )
The Prime Minister will address the gathering .
video on disaster - volcano
regardless of the part of the body first affected by the disease , muscle weakness and atrophy spread to other parts of the body as the disease progresses .
about scheme
available in multiple languages .
in the case of “ rural landless households  ” , the nodal agency will mean the state government/union territory appointed to administer the scheme .
she should be preferably ‘ married/widow/divorced/separated ’ and preferably in the age group of 25 to 45 years .
when in doubt , throw it out -
During the launch of ‘Ek Bharat Shresht Bharat’on 31st October 2016 , Prime Minister Narendra Modi said “Sardar Patel gave us Ek Bharat .
birth cert . of 1st child ( registrar / appropriate govt . officer registering births/death )
The MoU will help in strengthening bilateral cooperation between India and France .
for national talent search scholarship inquiry  :
however , if children use the internet without safety awareness , they may fall prey to illegal activity or abuse such as cyber bullying , fraud or something even more serious .
curriculum flexibility ,
having minimum 60 % marks in minimum entry qualification i .e . 10+2/diploma/graduation or equivalent in case of new applicant .
although hydrogen energy is renewable and has minimal environmental impact , other non-renewable sources such as coal , oil and natural gas are needed to separate it from oxygen .
women who have white discharge with bad smell or notice any infection of the reproductive tract should consult a doctor immediately .
colostrum , the thick yellowish milk the mother produces in the first few days after giving birth , is the perfect food for newborn babies
He appreciated the Government of Madhya Pradesh , for the work done by it in the agriculture sector , and for its development initiatives .
adolescent health , pregnancy , and reproductive tract health are the major areas of concern where care needs to be taken .
duration of apprenticeship training
all photocopies of enclosures mentioned in the appeal should be self-attested by the applicant under the word ‘ attested ’ and full signature .
phone phishing
It may also recommend to the Central Government such other financial products , financial services and financial institutions which may be permitted in the IFSCs .
use low-fat milk .
the 8 .33 % contribution will be paid by government after the employer has remitted the 3 .67 % employees ' provident fund contribution for these new employees each month .
There are 2 .92 Lakh CSCs in rural India providing opportunities to access various government and other services across 2 .15 Lakh Gram Panchayats
preliminary assessment
The renewed LTAs with steel mills of Japan and POSCO , South Korea shall be for a period of five years from 1 .4 .2018 to 31 .3 .2023 .
in case of subscription voucher lost/misplaced , an undertaking for loss of subscription voucher to be submitted .
the courts have held that it is possible to compound or settle your case at any stage .
when a child has three or more loose stools in a day , begin to give oral rehydration salts .
The Prime Minister said that the healthcare sector in the State will be transformed with the establishment of AIIMS in Jharkhand .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will visit Madurai , Tamilnadu on January 27 , 2019 .
women who are underweight ( less than 45 kg )
therefore , all foods analyzed were selected using the key foods principle for constructing the indian food composition tables 2017 .
Prime Minister said that India is on course to become a global economic powerhouse .
what are cybercrimes against property  ?
solar energy can be used to generate electricity .
however , icar research complex for neh region have developed upgraded pig having 50 per cent ,75 per cent and 87 .5 per cent hampshire blood and were found to be very much suitable for the region due to faster growth rate , high meat quality and disease resistance capacity .
to minimize the impact during the heat wave and to prevent serious ailment or death because of heat stroke , the following measures are useful .
it will remain open for a period of one year from the date of launch .
i deposited it for payment , but it was dishonoured .
aadhaar enrolment is free .
aadhaar number will help you provide access to services like banking , mobile phone connections and other govt and non-govt services in due course .
Shri Sanjiv Singh , Chairman , IOCL
in seed , the importance is given to the biological existence whereas  ; in grain the importance is given to the supporting tissue the economic produce .
experiences of fear , violence , separation from parents and caregivers , exploitation and abuse , are some of the key risks that children face .
During the three years of our government , 1 lakh 20 thousand kilometers long rural roads have been constructed .
but beyond 5 feet , it requires machinery to handle the materials .
The Prime Minister recalled that he has been visiting soldiers on Diwali , ever since he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat .
it is in context of this theory that a physician would use his knowledge , skills and experience in treating a patient , using the theory of similarity and dissimilarity ( skt  : samanaya and vísesa ) of five elements .
He spoke of steps taken in the Union Budget to provide tax relief to MSMEs .
He also assured the State Government that relief materials including foodgrains , medicines etc would be provided , as requested .
vertical expansion of existing schools shall not be carried out without a fitness certificate for the building from a certified civil / structural engineer .
The Prime Minister said that the Government’s emphasis on cleanliness is being universally appreciated .
This technology has already been used to lay over 5 ,000 kilometers of roads across 11 states .
therefore , natural resources management is an integral part of integrated farming system .
Prime Miniter Shri Narendra Modi has expressed grief on the sudden demise of film actor Sridevi .
the national payments corporation of india is a pioneer organization in the field of retail payments in india .
the present scheme was revised in 2016 and is in effect from 02 .03 .2016 .
main features of elderly population in india
currently , many applications or forms submitted by a citizen require physical signature of the citizen .
by effectively enforcing all applicable laws and regulations concerning safety , health and environment at workplaces in all economic activities through an adequate and effective labour inspection system  ;
delay in reaching a healthcare facility is one of the major delays responsible for maternal mortality .
the monitoring committee under the chairmanship of secretary ( power ) will approve the projects and also monitor implementation of the scheme .
to get the details , click here .
The Chartered Accountants Act , 1949 regulates the profession of Chartered Accountancy in India .
brain injury can be due to increased pressure , bleeding , loss of oxygen , or buildup of toxins .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the skills , strengths and fortitude of the girl child on National Girl Child Day .
It will have a Medical college with an intake of 100 MBBS students per year .
first aid is the provision of initial care for an illness or injury .
treatment of degraded lands through vermi-culture , micorhizae and bio-pesticides
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , flagged off the Nagpur Metro , through video conference from New Delhi .
Our motto is ‘More crop , per drop .’
the relevant contact details are found on the backside of your card as well as the website of the bank .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding signed between India and Romania in the field of tourism .
unified payment interface- empowers users to perform instant push and pull transactions seamlessly which will transform the way people make payments .
PM said “this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of the people of our country for the cause of freedom ” .
all smokers should be encouraged to quit smoking .
help people who require special assistance—infants , elderly people , those without transportation , large families who may need additional help in an emergency situation , people with disabilities , and the people who care for them .
most earthquake-related casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects .
move objects that can cause injury out of the person ’ s way .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Gujarat on 4th and 5th March 2019 .
coughing blood ( i .e . a small cupful or more ) is not a common occurrence but when it does occur it is very frightening for both the patient and relatives .
information security awareness for students
integrated pest management
central obesity or apple shape of the body and insulin resistance is the main reason for diabetes increase in indians .
thus , they are unable to increase their body temperature and stay active when it is cold outside .
The Prime Minister said , “When Neeraj Chopra is on the field , expect the very best from him .
participants/ vendors shall ensure timely delivery of product/products/ services to the consumer .
On September 24 , the Prime Minister will inaugurate Pakyong Airport , which will bring the State of Sikkim on the country’s aviation map .
magnetic resonance imaging is able to better look at the anatomy of the brain , meninges ( the layers that cover the brain and the spinal cord ) .
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased 4 times .
staying away from all low-lying areas is the safest advice when there is a tsunami warning .
particularly vulnerable tribal groups are more vulnerable among the tribal groups .
lots of indian scholars were also invited to tibet for prorogation of buddhism and other indian art and sciences .
He will also interact with Safai Karmacharis at Prayagraj .
should be in the production chain and its pedigree should be traceable .
she / he should not be getting any other centrally-funded pre-matric scholarship .
they do this for different reasons – to feel and act older , to fit in with friends , to challenge adults , or to relieve stress .
a headache is defined as a pain in the head or upper neck .
The previous chapters were held in Johannesburg , South Africa ( 2014 ) , New Delhi , India ( 2010 ) and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania ( 2007 ) .
and care beyond newborn survival
examine walls , floors , doors , staircases , and windows to make sure that the building is not in danger of collapsing .
I specifically thank Prime Minister Rutte and the Government of Netherlands for the assistance in safe extraction of Indian nationals at the time of hurricane that came in Sint Maarten in September 2017 .
in india this system has been practiced in sikkim , arunachal pradesh , darjeeling ( west bangal ) , lahoul & spiti ( himanchal pradesh ) and ladakh region of jammu & kashmir etc .
Rs .90 ,000 crores is not a small amount .
the governor of each state having scheduled areas ( sa ) shall annually , or whenever so required by the president , make a report to the president regarding the administration of scheduled areas in that state .
avoid illegal downloads
a firewall can prevent unauthorized access to , or from , a private network by screening out traffic from hackers , viruses , worms , or other types of malware specifically designed to compromise a point of sale system .
Friends , apart from Rakshabandhan , ShravanPoornima is also celebrated as Sanskrit Day .
the patient usually faces problems while walking or maintaining balance and they can not complete their physical tasks .
a-myo-trophic comes from the greek language .
human errors
Government of India ( GoI ) provides counter guarantee and interest equalization support of 2% to the EXIM Bank .
in some countries both underweight and obesity are at concerning levels at the same time .
having launched the 108 emergency response service on august 15 , 2005 , in hyderabad , emergency management and research institute presently provides an integrated emergency service across the state of andhra pradesh , with 802 ambulances serving over 3500 emergencies per day .
PM will reach Itanagar from Guwahati tomorrow morning .
Implementation strategy and Targets :
as soon as the complaint is registered a text message ( internet ) would be sent to the volunteer of the district/area as required .
this is the most common form of rabies ,
ration card
And we intend to stay that-way .
on sensing the potential of release of radioactivity which can transgress into the public domain , the concerned district authorities are alerted to be on standby for emergency operations in the public domain .
PM has directed National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI ) to repair main national highways damaged due to floods on priority .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Agreement between India and Denmark on Cooperation in the field of Science , Technology and Innovation .
mothers and fathers or other primary caregivers who meet their basic needs contribute to building the foundation of the babies ' future health , happiness , growth , learning and development .
they grow and learn best when responsive and caring parents and other caregivers give them affection , attention and stimulation in addition to good nutrition , proper health care and protection .
Addressing on the occasion , he said that in keeping up with its commitment towards equal opportunity for all and for the development – Sabka Saath , Sabka Vikaas is the way forward for New India .
discussion forum
investment management fee
15 Technology Innovation Hubs , six Application Innovation Hubs and four Technology translation Research Hubs to be set up
severe dehydration can lead to changes in the body 's chemistry , kidney failure
keep monitoring the warnings .
malaria is spread by the bite of an anopheles mosquito .
any other unit or machinery developed/ approved by the board suitable to create employment to women entrepreneurs , but not covered under any other scheme
link to download mobile app of startup india
excess weight gain ( > 3 kg in a month ) should arouse the suspicion of pre-eclampsia / twins .
a pregnant woman should be supported to recognize the signs of labour and know when it is time to seek a skilled birth attendant to assist with the birth .
Tourism is the hallmark of Kerala’s economic development and a principal contributor to the State’s economy .
death due to accident ( within 12 months of the accident ) caused by outward , violent and visible means -- rs .50 ,000/- permanent total disability -- rs .50 ,000/- loss of two limbs or two eyes or one limb and one eye -- rs .50 ,000/- loss of one limb or one eye -- rs .25 ,000/-
agro-service centres
section 80 v  :
to upgrade and modernize all existing training institutions under training to make them more responsive to industry demand .
swelling
feed lightly with bulky laxative feed immediately before an d after farrowing .
digisign option  : once a document is esigned it is shown as ‘ √ ’
The Prime Minister mentioned major achievements of Indian science in 2018 , including :
if the casualty has stopped breathing , you must start the kiss of life and heart message immediately
The awardees were selected by a jury headed by the Prime Minister and includes Chief Justice of India Justice Ranjan Gogoi , former Chief Election Commissioner Shri N Gopalaswami and the President of Indian Council for Cultural Relations Shri Vinay Sahasrabuddhe .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today joined thousands of people in witnessing the collective e-Gruhpravesh of beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana ( Gramin ) at a large public meeting in Jujwa village of Valsad district in Gujarat .
deposit amount in rupees
ration card
For cooperation in the development of Micro , Small and Medium Enterprises in both countries and in improving their competitiveness in global markets .
the concerned state governments and union territory administrations will lay down the detailed procedure for selection of students .
participants/ vendors are required to maintain details of transactions conducted/concluded through the portal and send quarterly report to mahila e-haat and also display the logo of mahila e-haat on packaging .
AIM’s Mentor of Change Programme is mandated to ensure the success of the ATLs .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will be visiting Gujarat on 7th and 8th October , 2017 .
The common man had no incentive or ability to economically prosper .
coir pith has gained importance owing to its properties for use as a growth medium in horticulture .
converging different government programmes and private and voluntary initiatives to achieve comprehensive development in tune with people ’ s aspirations and local potential .
The Prime Minister mentioned the initiatives taken in the health sector , such as Mission Indradhanush , Jan Aushadhi Stores , and the Ayushman Bharat scheme .
habitations started growing into towns and cities alongside rivers and watercourses .
PM said that the film Industry has a huge potential of contributing in the growth of Tourism in the country .
for achieving the major objectives of the watershed component of the pradhan mantri krishi sinchayi yojana and for ensuring access to irrigation to every farm ( har khet ko pani ) and efficient use of water ( per drop more crop ) , neeranchal is primarily designed to address the following concerns  :
these attributes include  :
I call upon all of you to actively participate in this exercise .
The Prime Minister said nations from Asia and Africa are playing a stronger role in the new world order .
reimbursement of compulsory non-refundable fees ,
an ordinary bulb is an extremely energy inefficient form of lighting with just 5 % of the electricity input converted to light .
He handed over a cheque worth Rs . Five Crore to the Prime Minister from Chief Minister Distress Relief Fund ( CMDRF ) towards Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund ( PMNRF ) , for the Cyclone affected people in Lakshadweep and other States .
you can also know the status of your application through “ below poverty line  ” option in top middle of the website page .
view the number of household toilets constructed for beneficiaries under swachh bharat mission - gramin
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) with United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on Cooperation in the Field of Skill Development , Vocational Education and Training .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the renaming of Kandla Port as Deendayal Port .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO for the successful launch of PSLV .
a feed trough space of 6 - 12 inches per pig should be provided .
most tsunami waves are less than 3 meters .
cost of obtaining and supply of certified cop les of judgments , order and other documents in legal proceedings  ;
she and her husband and other family members should be advised that she should not be allowed to do any heavy work except looking after herself and her baby .
Also presented President Htin Kyaw a sculpture of Bodhi tree ” , the Prime Minister tweeted from his account .
It will be equipped for production of cleaner Fuels for India .
establishes uniqueness of every individual on the basis of demographic and biometric information
attracting investment in rural areas .
He said a New Banaras – a blend of spirituality and modernity – is being developed , for a New India .
once your code is created , you ’ ll see options to send , receive money or pay by scanning code .
new safety hazards and health risks will be appearing along with the transfer and adoption of new technologies .
a mother who feeds her baby only with breast milk , on demand day and night during the baby 's first six months , can delay the return of menstruation and help prevent pregnancy .
the mentally retarded person has a right to a qualified guardian when this is required in order to protect his personal well-being or interests .
He added that the government is using technology to ensure effective last mile delivery of services .
the scheme defines primitive vulnerable tribal groups as the most vulnerable among the scheduled tribes and the scheme therefore seeks to prioritise their protection and development .
He recalled Mahatma Gandhi’s “Constructive Programme ” , published in 1945 , where rural sanitation was an important subject .
if the causality is just unconscious , then once removed from water , he should be placed in the recovery position
just another card
read and look at books with the child and talk about the pictures
As a result , more residential and commercial complexes will develop in this region .
Ministry of Home Affairs has taken serious note of such incidents of vandalism .
parkinson 's disease
Speaking on the importance of conserving water , the Prime Minister said that in order to learn about water conservation , people should visit Porbandar in Gujarat , and see the home of Mahatma Gandhi .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today spent nearly ninety minutes in close interaction with young school children in his constituency , Varanasi .
instant account to account fund transfer/remittance
the bulk density of both the sub surface ( 15-30 ) sioil is reduced to considerable extent with the application composted coir pith .
prevent disasters and achieve substantial reduction of disaster risk and losses in lives , livelihoods , health , and assets ( economic , physical , social , cultural and environmental )
Utilisation of public health facilities is a specific target .
disallow remote access  :
It would also need high quality projects and robust project proposals .
distributor will verify particulars against records .
Exchange of Instrument of Ratification of Extradition Treaty .
circulars
The MoU was signed on 6th September , 2017 .
He will also dedicate the four laning and strengthening of carriageway of Avinashi-Tirupur- Avinashipalayam section of NH-381 to the nation .
The MoU also aims for exchange of expertise and networking of information .
This would require simpler processing , and faster approval .
He said that after the implementation of the Jan Dhan Yojana , the entire population of the country will be connected to the banking system .
compliance and coordination to generate a multi-sectoral synergy .
do not follow an exercise regimen of your own , because your doctor may recommend certain restrictions based on your individual health status .
impact of climate change and ways to reduce it  ;
PM will lay foundation stone of Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme .
it is usually caused by an auto-immune reaction where the body ’ s defence system attacks the cells that produce insulin .
The 31st of October was also the day on which Smt .
the most fatalities come from storm surges and the torrential rain flooding the lowland areas of coastal territories .
mode of pension payment
on being an umbrella programme – covering many departments .
electoral registration officer at the constituency level
reduce annual lighting emissions by 75 - 189 kg
Multimodal transport
Many such projects are in various such stages of development .
the scheme shall be implemented on an ‘ area approach basis ’ i .e . , defined areas for each notified crop for widespread calamities with the assumption that all the insured farmers , in a unit of insurance , to be defined as `` notified area‟ for a crop , face similar risk exposures , incur to a large extent , identical cost of production per hectare , earn comparable farm income per hectare , and experience similar extent of crop loss due to the operation of an insured peril , in the notified area .
step 2  : wash back of hands .
The Prime Minister said that the ninth announcementis on simplification of government procedures .
assured availability of credit at any time enabling reduced interest burden for the farmer .
many cyberstalking situations do evolve into off-line stalking , and a victim may experience abusive and excessive phone calls , vandalism , threatening or obscene mail , trespassing , and physical assault .
In our tenure we bought Two lakh thirty thousand bullet proof jackets!
for children of age 1 – 2 years
responsibility has been cast upon the appropriate governments to take effective measures to ensure that the persons with disabilities enjoy their rights equally with others .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the valedictory session of the function to mark National Law Day – 2017 , at Vigyan Bhawan in New Delhi .
what if my account is debited but the transaction does not go through  ?
The European Union has been our largest trade partner for a long time .
beneficiary eligibility
scheme for primitive vulnerable tribal groups
low calcium / potassium level
The civic sense of “entitlement ” must be suitably balanced by a civic sense of “responsible engagement . ”
40 breaths a minute or more
configure access controls including file , directory , and network share permissions with least privilege in mind .
assess and follow the progress of labour and pay attention to danger signs that indicate help is needed immediately
methodology
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for introduction of the Dentists ( Amendment ) Bill , 2017 in Parliament subject to modifications of drafting or consequential nature , if any , as may be considered necessary by the Legislative Department by amending the Dentists Act , 1948 ( 16 of 1948 ) .
for example , in certain states , as per orders received from the state government , new connections can be released only against production of ration cards .
During the visit , he will dedicate to the nation , the Railway electrification of 294 kilometre long Andal- Sainthia-Pakur-Malda and Khana- Sainthia Sections .
He said that if the district administration , the public representatives and the people all join hands in a mass movement , then , unprecedented results can be achieved .
when diabetes is present , the changes that happen are
sickle cell disease
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today met the Indian Team that participated in the recently concluded FIFA U-17 World Cup .
malaria or hookworm infection can be treated if needed .
prevention - prevention involves a good biosecurity program .
in cases where the trial has not been concluded , but the district administration has arrived at a prima facie finding and proof of bondage , then the proposal for cash assistance shall not be stopped for want of details of conviction .
it can help if the child breathes water vapour from a bowl of water that is hot but not boiling .
Memorandum of understanding in the field of elections between the Election Commission of India and The Union Election Commission of Myanmar .
and 2 ) all the services and support necessary to help her implement that decision .
indirectly affected areas – those areas where local population is adversely affected on account of economic , social and environmental consequences due to mining-related operations .
it covers the bone marrow which is the innermost part of your bone .
Shri Narendra Modi laid the Foundation Stone of the Mirzapur Medical College .
identification of posts in all groups in the establishments of the government of india and public sector undertakings for persons with disabilities has been done .
1 cup murmura / chudwa / boiled moong 1 cup coffee
The Sides noted the importance of expansion of collaboration in aluminium sector .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has remembered social reformer Nanaji Deshmukh , on his birth anniversary .
farmers in the notified area who possess a crop loan account/account ( called as loanee farmers ) to whom credit limit is sanctioned/renewed for the notified crop during the crop season . and
loan interest shall be recovered from the pension installments and loan to be recovered from claim proceeds .
has enrolled with a bar council
Addressing the gathering , the Prime Minister asserted that development is the best answer to all kinds of violence .
recognize and support your child 's strengths and skills as well as limitations
The Prime Minister said that the 340 kilometer longPoorvanchal Expressway would transform the towns and cities that it passes through .
similar entitlements have been put in place for all sick newborns accessing public health institutions for treatment till 30 days after birth .
study tour charges upto a maximum of rs .1600 per annum , limited to the actual expenditure incurred by the student on transportation charges etc . will be paid to the scholars studying professional and technical courses , provided that the head of the institution certifies that the study tour is essential for the scholar for completion of his/her course of study .
by encouraging the appropriate government to assume the fullest responsibility for the administration and enforcement of occupational safety , health and environment at workplace , provide assistance in identifying their needs and responsibilities in the area of safety , health and environment at workplace , to develop plans and programmes in accordance with the provisions of the applicable acts and to conduct experimental and demonstration projects in connection therewith  ;
additionally , the cold virus can live on objects such as pens , books , and coffee cups for several hours and can be acquired from such objects .
once re-warming is complete the injured area should be wrapped in sterile gauze and protected from movement and further cold .
it will give high levels of flexibility to the states
the disease may affect people of any age , but usually develops in children or young adults .
In response , the Prime Minister said that our learning cannot be reduced to exams only .
retirement solutions limited
chickens which survive the clinical disease may develop cataracts later in life .
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Bhagwan Birsa Munda on his Jayanti .
your mobile number should be linked with your bank account .
science express climate action special starts its journey on february 17 at 11 a .m from safdarjung railway station in delhi .
for more information about the scholarship , click here .
He knew very well that making India a hub of science , technology and industry was imperative for her future .
lack of social interaction or connect with the rest of the community
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding between India and Malaysia for Mutual Cooperation to raise the status and prestige of the Practicing Company Secretary in both countries , and to facilitate the movement of the Company Secretaries across borders in the Asia-Pacific Region .
the deen dayal upadhyaya national unit at deen dayal upadhyaya functions as the policy-making , technical support and facilitation agency .
scope
guidelines
hazardous waste processing/ disposal
technology development , extension and training
land transport sector / activity
digishala subscription details
egg laying by ducks depends upon many factors , including breed and strain , but good management contributes considerably towards the achievement of optimum egg-flesh production .
a model village is one which has adequate physical and institutional infrastructure , in which minimum needs of all sections of the society are fully met  ;
promotion of rajya darshan for tourists .
He said that steps have been taken in developing coastal infrastructure .
carve with a razor “ f57  ” on your hand , send a photo to the curator .
The Prime Minister said that the Government is making efforts to build infrastructure for India’s future needs .
if you can not , call the fire brigade .
They were not just mere theories .
to it would be added the expenditure that the assistance and development scheme will make in training / counseling of staff , part expenses on operationalising a management and monitoring system , vehicles , charges for legal documentation , training of loaners , auditors fees charged .
do not waste food
220 persons in Tamil Nadu , 309 in Kerala and 367 persons in Lakshadweep have been rescued so far .
These include : ( a ) 500 MW additional power supply from India to Bangladesh , through the existing Bheramara ( Bangladesh ) – Baharampur ( India ) interconnection . ( b ) Akhaura – Agartala Rail Link ( c ) Rehabilitation of the Kulaura-Shahbazpur section of Bangladesh Railways .
Implementation strategy and targets :
There has been a sharp rise in FDI in the past three years – from 36 billion U .S .dollars in 2013-14 to 60 billion U .S .dollars in 2016-17 .
stop certain apps from running ( like your web browser ) .
it will be renewed from year provided that within a course which is continuous for a number of years , the scholar secures promotion to the next higher class irrespective of the fact whether such examinations are conducted by a university or the institution .
best practices for service providers
as distractions flutter through your mind , remind yourself that you 'll deal with them when you 're finished meditating .
this helps children get ready for school .
non-observance of reserve bank guidelines on engagement of recovery agents by banks and any other matter relating to the violation of the directives issued by the reserve bank in relation to banking or other services .
a grand challenge program called national initiative for developing and harnessing innovations ) shall be instituted through innovation and entrepreneurship development centres support and award inr 10 lakhs to 20 student innovations .
aadhaar seeding is a process by which aadhaar numbers of residents are included in the service delivery database of service providers ( in this case he service provider is bank ) for enabling de - duplication of database and aadhaar based authentication during service delivery .
make a list of items to bring inside in the event of a tsunami .
solar photovoltaic is nowadays successfully used for home and street lighting and water pumping in villages .
· Meeting of the BRICS Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors – 18 to 20 April ( Washington , DC )
continuous enhancement of community awareness regarding safety , health and environment at workplace related areas .
The project will provide an alternative route for the population of Sajwal and Indri Pattian .
the apprentices act 1961 was enacted for regulating the apprenticeship training scheme in the industry for imparting on-the-job training to apprentices .
Total cost implication is expected to be Rupees 95 crores for the first four years .
not all children grow and develop at the same pace .
loved and given affection , attention , encouragement and stimulation from her or his family members , helping the baby to grow and learn rapidly
gives desired plant population
a teacher is a key stakeholder in the process of learning .
be an indian citizen and be a resident of india .
incentive as provided under the mission for the construction of individual household latrines shall be available for all below poverty line households and above poverty line households restricted to small and marginal farmers , landless labourers with homestead , physically handicapped and women headed households .
He said the Union Government is working towards providing housing for all by 2022 .
cauliflower greens ,
Swachhagrahis are the ‘foot soldiers’ and motivators to implement the Community Approaches to Sanitation ( CAS ) at the village level .
presence of roof over the composting material is advantageous , since it protects the material from rain and severe sunshine .
brush twice a day –morning , as soon as you get up from the bed and at night before going to bed .
this knowledge could save your life !
if you see a message from someone you know but it doesn ’ t seem like it ’ s from them , their account might have been compromised by a cybercriminal who is trying to get money or information from you .
the areas surrounding koyna were also re-designated to seismic zone iv , indicating high hazard .
programme implementation
In 2014 , Prime Minister had spelt out his vision for the National War Memorial as a state-of-the-art world class monument .
the use of tobacco , alcohol and other substances
tetanus toxoid injection is not to be given in the first trimester of pregnancy .
pipeline
this process will respect the concept of limited liability .
He distributed Electric Chaak , Solar Charkha and Honey Warp to women beneficiaries and appreciation letters to five women Self Help Groups .
it includes issues of child protection and safety that look at all forms of violence and deprivation that affect the physical and mental wellbeing of children .
works across all telecom service providers service providers and mobile handsets
in addition relationships with family members living together as a joint family are also included .
farm compost is made by placing farm wastes in trenches of suitable size , say , 4 .5 to 5 .0 long , 1 .5 to 2 .0 wide and 1 .0 to 2 .0 deep .
We are promoting the use of digital payments .
prohibit or restrict the transfer of land by or among members of the scheduled tribes in such area  ;
methods of composting
ensure adequate availability of quality faculty in all higher educational institutions and ensure capacity building at all levels of employment .
abdominal discomfort or bloating
held that jagdish lived with kumar in the shared household in a relationship in the nature of marriage .
duck houses are constructed on pond dikes  ; hence , no additional land is required for duckery activities .
before or after the application , there should not be any other pucca house either in the name of the applicant or the name of his/her spouse or any of the dependents within territory of india .
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya Institute of Archaeology .
do not drink water from open containers without having examined it and filtered it through a sieve , a filter or an ordinary clean cloth .
repair defective electrical wiring and leaky gas connections .
the programme of “ bringing green revolution to eastern india  ” was launched in 2010-11 to address the constraints limiting the productivity of “ rice based cropping systems  ” in eastern india comprising seven ( 7 ) states namely  ; assam , bihar , chhattisgarh , jharkhand , odisha , eastern uttar pradesh ( purvanchal ) and west bengal .
The revised Model MoU was drafted based on Egmont Group Secretariat revised Model MoU 2014 .
non sympathetic attitude of health personnel .
The Prime Minister Modi will also inaugurate the Phulpur to Patna stretch of the Jagdishpur-Varanasi Natural Gas pipeline .
what to do if you are outdoors
wheat bran
a layer of waste materials is first laid in the pit .
the support of parents and other caregivers is very important for children 's successful transition to school
2 . The Ring Line will be from Bengali Square – Vijay Nagar -Bhawarsala – Airport – Palasia – Bengali Square .
the national maternity benefit scheme came into effect in august 1995 as one of the components of the national social assistance programme .
convergence of health and related programmes form village level upwards ,
My visit to Mahavir Philippines Foundation Inc .
feed formula for different categories of pigs
digital infrastructure as utility to every citizen
This means each one of us , within ourselves , has tremendous strength that is just waiting to be explored .
you can review the details you have provided and make corrections during enrolment itself .
subscribe to a medical insurance plan .
support would be available for undertaking activities such as papad making , achaar making , jam / jelly making , agricultural produce preservation at rural level , sweet shops , small service food stalls and day to day catering / canteen services , cold chain vehicles , cold storages , ice making units , ice cream making units , biscuit , bread and bun making , etc .
meditation enables you to pay attention to what you are doing .
the rights of the disabled have not been spelt out so well in the labour legislations but provisions which cater to the disabled in their relationship with the employer are contained in delegated legislations such as rules , regulations and standing orders .
Prime Minister to lay the foundation stone for a National Highways project worth Rs 1938 Crore in West Bengal
it recognises the inextricable linkages between adolescent health , family planning , maternal health and child survival .
in addition , the urban heat island effect has resulted in an increase in rainfall over urban areas .
for the first week after birth , the baby 's umbilical stump must be kept clean .
kidney disease is much more common in people with diabetes than in those without diabetes .
hussainara khatoon v . home secretary , state of bihar , air 1979 sc 1322
some preventive measures are
Just having the best ideas for development are not enough , the Prime Minister said .
search & shortlist candidates specific to sector , trades , region etc .
under credit linked subsidy , beneficiaries of economically weaker section and low income group can seek housing loans from banks , housing finance companies and other such institutions for new construction and enhancement to existing dwellings as incremental housing .
rinsing the fingers with water is not enough – both hands need to be rubbed together with soap and water , and then rinsed with water .
graphics , sculpture , painting , creative photography , pottery & ceramics , etc .
administration of 2 doses of inj . tetanus toxoid to a pregnant woman is an important step on the prevention of neonatal tetanus ( tetanus of the newborn ) .
schedule strenuous jobs to cooler times of the day .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , arrived in Jodhpur today to attend the Combined Commanders Conference .
other marriage acts which exist include  ; the special marriage act , 1954 ( for spouses of differing religions ) and the foreign marriage act , 1959 ( for marriage outside india ) .
long-lasting insecticide-treated mosquito nets last for at least three years and do not require re-treatment with insecticide .
the single-window service or the web-enabled “ anytime-anywhere  ” access will save the citizen time and effort in obtaining registration machinerys , etc .
disposal of dead birds in hygienic manner either by using incinerator or by pit method is very essential .
personal hygiene
The first destination of the PM will be in Guntur , in Andhra Pradesh where he will unveil several projects at Yetukar Bypass , Guntur .
most often , you may not know for sure that abuse is happening - even if you are only suspicious , you should report it .
expenses trips to successful micro credit programmes .
introduction
what is a soil test laboratory  ?
This effort is not just for Laxman , or his memory , the Prime Minister said , adding that a small part of Laxman , lives within crores of people .
The Prime Minister also mentioned the young cricketer from Sikkim , Nilesh Lamichanay , who recently became the first cricketer from the State to score a century in the Vijay Hazare Trophy .
build systems that ensure watershed programmes and rainfed irrigation management practices are better focussed , and more coordinated , and have quantifiable results
Ms . Riva Ganguly Das , DG ICCR
in april 1999 , department of wastelands development was renamed as the department of land resources to act as the nodal agency for land resource management .
the government of india ( goi ) , in recognition of the importance of disaster management as a national priority , has set up a high-powered committee ( hpc ) in august 1999 and also a nation committee after the gujarat earthquake , for making recommendations on the preparation of disaster management plans and suggestion effective mitigation mechanisms .
to nurture the identified adarsh grams as schools of local development to train other gram panchayats .
mines , explosives and processes involved in the coal , power generation industries etc are included .
keep drains clean ,
what aadhaar is and what it is not
as a result , hydrogen fueled small power generating sets , two wheeler ( motor cycles ) , three wheeler , catalytic combustion systems for residential and industrial sectors and fuel cell buses have also been developed and demonstrated .
cash , aadhar card and ration card
the selection of the students will be based on merit and will be considered against the city option made by the candidate for the weekly personal contact classes .
chemistry
the risks associated with childbearing for the mother and her baby can be greatly reduced if a woman is healthy and well-nourished before becoming pregnant .
swachh bharat mission for urban areas
source  : ministry of health and family welfare
He mentioned the pro-poor steps taken by the government .
heat food at one go to reduce unnecessary use of the microwave oven for just 5 mins a day
He wished them well in their future endeavours .
guidelines for safe and effective use of internet and digital technologies in schools and school buses
Some of the water of the River Ravi at present is going waste through the MadhopurHeadworks downstream to Pakistan .
certification is voluntary .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) signed between India and Denmark for cooperation in the fields of Animal Husbandry and Dairying .
similar to stalking off-line , online stalking can be a terrifying experience for victims , placing them at risk of psychological trauma , and possible physical harm
PM said , today world takes us seriously because it recognizes full Majority Government .
the new ministry for skill development and entrepreneurship has initiated the process of revising the national policy on skill development .
on the other , it will also serve as a platform for monitoring the performance of existing skill development programmes , running in every indian state .
recommended foods for a child with diarrhoea are well-mashed mixes of cereals and beans , fish , well-cooked meat , yogurt and fruits .
after submitting the application , you can also check the status of application .
68 . birhor 69 . lodhas 70 . totos
More than Rupees 3 .6 lakh crore , or 50 billion dollars of benefits from government have reached the people directly .
this can only be possible if the complete range of the required services is accessed by the pregnant women .
funds can be transferred using any of the below options  :
seed production & distribution
There are about 7000 blocks in more than 700 districts of India .
Last leg of PM’s visit tomorrow will be in Hubli , Karnataka .
proposed milestones
on phone  : emotional support and guidance , information and referral to services for the caller , information about childline , silent calls
the value of pre - matric scholarship includes the following for complete duration of the course  :
from the bharat interface for money app home screen ,
Actions at the national level to monitor progress under SDGs will require quality , accessible and timely data .
birds are reluctant to walk , preferring to sit rather than stand .
a ) To expand bilateral cooperation in the tourism sector
In response to Indonesia’s appeal for international aid , the Prime Minister offered to the President of Indonesia all possible assistance from India as a maritime neighbour and friend of Indonesia .
location of the nearest phc/fru  :
high blood pressure
in 1973 , the dhebar commission created primitive tribal groups as a separate category , who are less developed among the tribal groups .
one can use unified payment interfacei app instead of paying cash on delivery on receipt of product from online shopping websites and can perform miscellaneous expenses like paying utility bills , over the counter payments , barcode ( scan and pay ) based payments , donations , school fees and other such unique and innovative use cases .
In this direct payment of the difference between the MSP and the selling/modal price will be made to pre-registered farmers selling his produce in the notified market yard through a transparent auction process .
national health mission has six financing components  :
virus inoculated through a bite multiplies locally in muscle fibers .
hatchers release chicks only after mareks disease vaccination .
10 . In this regard , the Prime Minister announced provision of financial assistance up to US$ 1 .4 billion in the form of budgetary support , currency swap and concessional lines of credit to fulfil the socio-economic development programmes of the Maldives .
for a distance of 500 kms of highway driving
this first visit is important to make sure that the woman and the infant are recovering from the labour and delivery .
approve/cancel session bookings
The Prime Minister said that this high speed railway would not only bring two cities closer , but also bring the people living hundreds of kilometers away , closer to each other .
The Prime Minister said that it is important to maintain an atmosphere of unity in the country .
The Prime Minister said that through this scheme , Rs . 75 ,000 crore will be transferred to farmers’ accounts every year .
the first flight of udaan is to address lower enrolment of girls in engineering colleges which is currently about 23 % girls as against 77 % of boys .
deworming treatment given to children
acknowledgment receipt received from bank as a proof of application submission to bank
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Mizoram and Meghalaya tomorrow where he will inaugurate various development projects .
registration is online and free of charge .
the concerned officer will schedule the appointment based on his engagements .
aim of the act
Under the aegis of “Eat Right India ” campaign , ‘Swasth Bharat’ trips are being carried out across the country .
selection process
also , the rules regarding the conditions of employment of such children have not yet come out .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with oil and gas CEOs and experts from across the world .
He said “high-speed corridors ” would be regions for rapid growth in the future .
He said the State is blessed with an abundance of resources and capabilities .
type of disturbances
you may be warned that you need to pay money , complete surveys , or perform other actions before you can use your email again .
glucose gets into the cells  :
It was also agreed to intensify cooperation in the areas of training and capacity building of Maldives Police Service and Maldives National Defence Force .
He will present the Police and Fire Service Medals for distinguished and meritorious services .
gujarat and chhaftisgarh
approach
pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana
about 70 - 75 per cent of the total production cost of the pig farm is due to the feed cost .
But the agony experienced by the victim is more painful .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , handed over the tricolour flag to Arunima Sinha , marking the beginning of her expedition to Mount Vinson , Antarctica .
in the past , any strategy on flood disaster management largely focused on riverine floods affecting large extents of rural areas .
rest of the brain takes over the function of this part , '' said dr tripathi .
The Prime Minister said innovation is another vital element of education today .
“India’s contingent at the 2018 Commonwealth Games has made every Indian extremely proud .
definitions .-in this act , unless the context otherwise requires , -
amount will be fixed by the board after proper evaluation
houses in mosquito-infested areas should be made mosquito proof by screening all the doors and windows
eat variety of foods  :
PM said that through PM Kisan Saman Nidhi announced in the budget , those with less than 5 acre will get Rs 6000 every year in their bank accounts in three installments .
focus on training of trainers
promote quality standards , certifications , and awards for disaster risk management
but all benefits go to your latest aadhaar linked bank account , so all the subsidies are transferred in single bank account .
what is a heat wave
Over the last few years , there has been a significant intensification of our engagement in various fields with African countries and there have been as many as 23 outgoing visits to Africa at the level of President , Vice President and Prime Minister in the last four years .
He said Integrated Command Centres are an important part of this mission .
who is a public information officer  ?
all the eligible other backward classes candidates will be given scholarships subject to the condition of eligibility prescribed in conditions of eligibility of this scheme .
if information sought concerns the life or liberty of a person , it shall be supplied within 48 hours .
muscles become stiff and hard , followed by jerking movements
Ambassador Haley noted the deepening relations between India and the US particularly in strategic and defence sectors .
Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore had traveled to Argentina in 1924 .
Swami Vivekananda did not believe in sermonising , the Prime Minister said .
inspect foundations for cracks or other damage .
The Prime Minister especially thanked the Brahmakumar is Sansthan for their efforts towards cleanliness .
because of its environment - friendliness , composting is a highly suitable method of waste management in rural areas .
Shri Narendra Modi will also address the gathering .
3000 kg piped natural gas in cylinders ( durgam kshetriya vitrak .
their growth habit is detrimental to the growing seed crop due to competing effect .
the role of an accredited social health activist is that of a community level care provider .
you will need to get your vehicle to the sale office location to purchase the fastag
A not-for-profit Company under Section 8 of the Companies Act , 2013 will be created by the Ministry of Railways which shall be the Managing Company of the proposed university .
the stored electrical energy can be used when solar energy is not available .
integrated services and not individual services
since houses in urban context are generally located within a very small geographic area an accredited social health activist can cover about 200-500 households depending upon the spatial consideration .
3 . In an important gesture , President Solih is staying in the Rashtrapati Bhawan as a special guest of Rashtrapatiji .
( Good Evening Friends )
job specific post-recruitment as well as pre-promotion training programmes are required to be organised for the persons with disabilities .
if possible , the breeding grounds may be filled up .
promote extension activities relating to water harvesting , water management and crop alignment for farmers and grass root level field functionaries .
coach 2  : impact of climate change -
handloom & khadi weavers
excessive height of delivery pipe causes extra energy consumption .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today dedicated the Dr . Ambedkar International Centre , in New Delhi , to the nation .
the doctor will need to consider your circumstances to figure out if the pregnancy will harm your mental health .
He will also visit Agra .
elimination of duplicate applications
publish a special section in your local newspaper with emergency information on earthquakes .
the plaques and tangles begin to form in areas important in learning and memory and then spread to other regions .
however , the legal needs of people continue to grow requiring meaningful contribution from the legal community .
Our thinking is to move beyond Consumer Protection to promotion of Consumers Interest .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship .
this may be relaxed only if no suitable person with this qualification is available .
local district officials
with a 1 system , reduce annual lighting emissions by 984 kg
increased network
sanitation and environment
fish farming-cum-horticulture farming
register your name in electoral roll
any person may file a complaint with bank or banking ombudsman on any one of the following grounds alleging deficiency in banking including internet banking or other services  :
all children need to be protected from abuse and exploitation .
it encourages the workers in unorganised sector to voluntarily save for their retirement .
application whitelisting/strict implementation of software restriction policies to block binaries running from paths .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has given its ex-post facto approval on the Memorandum of Cooperation ( MoC ) between India and Japan in the field of Healthcare and Wellness signed on 29th October , 2018 .
the plan covers all phases of disaster management  : prevention , mitigation , response and recovery .
most methods of phishing use some form of technical deception designed to make a link in an e-mail ( and the spoofed website it leads to ) appear to belong to the spoofed organization .
likewise , all children in the 6-14 age group should be enrolled in , and regularly attend school .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has saluted engineers on Engineers’ Day .
bleeding that increases rather than decreases or has many large clots or pieces of tissue .
disadvantages
feeds must be tested to ensure that they are free from microbial agents or toxins at periodic intervals .
if possible , put him in cool water  ; wrap him in cool wet clothes  ; or sponge his skin with cool water , rubbing ice , or cold packs .
process of online application
when one plate is forced to dive beneath another plate , there is no way to do it except with some component of vertical motion creating tsunami .
Under Pradhan Mantri MUDRA Yojana , Government has so fargiven out 12 crore loans worth Rs . 5 .75 lakh crore .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will launch the first Khelo India School Games at Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium in New Delhi on January 31 , 2018 .
the details of subsidy allowed for procurement of various spinning equipments are given below .
a child with diarrhoea loses weight and can quickly become malnourished .
hand fan
for example , to feed one baby for the first six months requires 20 kilograms ( about 40 tins ) of infant formula .
mode of selection
cleanliness of the reproductive organs
b ) you can go to the closest designated location and deliver it there .
an industrial workman
complaints based inspections will also be determined centrally after examination based on data and evidence .
Establishment of new AIIMS involves creation of Hospital , Teaching Block for medical & nursing courses , residential complex and allied facilities/services , broadly on the pattern of AIIMS , New Delhi and other six new AIIMS taken up under Phase-I of PMSSY .
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Wadhwani Institute for Artificial Intelligence , at the University of Mumbai .
the world meteorological organisation uses the term 'tropical cyclone ’ to cover weather systems in which winds exceed ‘ gale force ’ ( minimum of 34 or 63 ) .
no service tax will be charged on digital transaction charges for transactions upto rs .2000 per transaction .
diabetes is a condition in which body can ’ t produce enough insulin to process the glucose in the blood or group of metabolic diseases in which a person has high blood sugar .
It is a great honour for the 1 .25 billion people of India .
AIIMS in Tamilnadu was announced in the union budget of 2015-16 .
moong
The third pillar is interaction ( Sanvaad ) .
wake up at 4 :20 a .m . and go to rails ( visit any railroad that you can find )
highlights of the action plan
in a way biomass also cleans our environment by trapping carbon- di-oxide
messages for parents on emotional well-being of adolescents
from calm to tears to anger – for no proper reason .
in men , hair loss may follow the typical male pattern ( receding front hairline and/or thinning hair at the top of the head ) .
common tactics include asking you to urgently send them money , claiming to be stranded in another country or saying that their phone has been stolen so they can not be called .
runny nose during a cold
In this context , the theme chosen for the Indian Science Congress this year , is quite appropriate : “Reaching the Unreached through Science and Technology ” .
The Prime Minister said that in order to increase farmers’ incomes , the Union Government has already increased MSP for 22 crops .
The Prime Minister , digitally unveiled the plaque for the Command and Control Centres at Namchi and Gangtok in Sikkim , Itanagar and Pasighat in Arunachal Pradesh and Agartala in Tripura .
governance  : to ensure efficient vaccine logistics management by systemizing record keeping through standardizing stock and distribution registers  ; identifying gaps and improving clarity on vaccine cold chain network
there are four generally recognized classes of seeds . they are
the growth in the application of nuclear science and technology in the fields of power generation , medicine , industry , agriculture , research and defence has led to an increase in the risk of occurrence of nuclear and radiological emergencies .
tuberculosis is a serious disease that can kill a child or permanently damage the lungs .
process to be followed
if a child can not suckle , the breast milk can be expressed into a clean cup and the child can then be fed from the cup by the mother , father or other caregiver .
furious or frank rabies  :
girls and boys need the same opportunities for play and interaction with all family members , including siblings and grandparents , and in activities outside the home .
receipt of inspection report and approval of basic training provider by regional directorates of apprenticeship training/state apprenticeship advisers
The PM added , “We were among the highest growing tourist destinations in the world in 2017 .
entire production credit needs for full year plus ancillary activities related to crop production to be considered while fixing limit .
His Excellency Ibrahim Mohamed Solih , President of the Republic of Maldives , welcomed and thanked His Excellency Narendra Modi , Prime Minister of India , for visiting the Maldives to participate in the presidential inauguration ceremony .
rights and entitlements
As per the agreement , construction of RanjitSagar Dam ( Thein Dam ) and Shahpurkandi Dam was to be taken up by Punjab Govt .
I have assured the State Government of all possible support .
flexibility in the project period i .e . 4 to 7 years
a woman with pregnancy –induced hypertension ( pih ) /pre-eclampsia requires hospitalization .
2 . Prime Minister Modi was accorded a ceremonial welcome at the Presidential Palace in Nay Pyi Taw on 5th September 2017 .
use less oil  :
election commission of india
food safety and quality assurance infrastructure , etc .
degree and post graduate level courses including m . phil . , ph .d . and post doctoral research in medicine ( allopathic , indian and other recognized systems of medicines ) , engineering , technology , planning , architecture , design , fashion technology , agriculture , veterinary & allied sciences , management , business finance /administration , computer science/applications .
prevention is an integral part of economic activities as high safety and health standard at work is as important as good business performance for new as well as existing industries .
brain and nervous system  :
PM said ,  ” Navroz Mubarak to the Parsi community!
And take the full onus to ensure that your city should not lag behind and your street or mohalla should not look to be wanting .
failure to issue or delay in issue of drafts , pay orders or bankers ’ cheques ,
national urban health mission framework for implementation
a special drink for diarrhoea
now it is possible to file right to information application through online
Shri Narendra Modi said that the Gram Swaraj Abhiyan has emerged as a new model for implementation of schemes .
term involved
“Today on Vijay Diwas , we remember the indomitable spirit of the brave soldiers who fought in 1971 .
painful spasms usually in leg and abdominal muscles or extremities .
Shri Shivalli will be remembered for his service to Karnataka .
blacks are more likely to have strokes than are people of other races .
the mother infected with antiretroviral has the right to  :
in addition , for 10–14 days , give children over 6 months of age 20 milligrams of zinc per day ( tablet or syrup )  ;
by amending expeditiously existing laws relating to safety , health and environment and bring them in line with the relevant international instruments  ;
computerized tomography
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List for six months beyond 30th November , 2018 and till 31st May 2019 .
avoid disaster areas .
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government and the State Government of Manipur are both working with the vision of Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas .
duration of scholarship
explore the feasibility of reusing treated municipal waste water for peri - urban agriculture .
today , there are many disturbing things happening in cyberspace .
where there are no documents available , resident may also take the help of introducers available at the enrolment centre .
public phone booth ,
a placement organisation is a person who runs a private business .
quarterly
Today , in the twenty-ninth meeting , the Prime Minister reviewed the progress of eight important infrastructure projects in the railway , urban development , road , power , and coal sectors .
if the baby suckles more , more milk is produced .
micro credit limit of rs 5 ,000 can also be extended in existing bank accounts on application depending on the satisfactory conduct of the account .
remember to change the compress repeatedly ( by re-soaking in cold water ) , but do not rub the surface of the burn .
why it is important  ?
if according to the regulations of a university/institution , a student is promoted to the next higher class even though he/she may not have actually passed in lower class and is required to take examination of the junior class again after sometime , he/she will be entitled to scholarship for the class to which he/she is promoted if the student is otherwise eligible for scholarship .
The MoU will promote bilateral cooperation in the field of Sustainable and Smart Urban Development between the two countries .
It is only fair that politics be discussed at length , in a democracy .
keep your home cool , use curtains , shutters or sunshade and open windows at night .
security , margin , rate of interest , etc . as per revised kisan credit card scheme norms .
beneficiaries include economically weaker section , low-income groups and middle income groups .
it is often , but not always , associated with overweight or obesity , which itself can cause insulin resistance and lead to high blood glucose levels .
by raising community awareness through structured , audience specific approach  ;
Implementation of the project would minimise such wastage of water .
some women experience a decreased desire for sex during their pregnancy .
using water that is too hot will damage the tissues .
The scheme henceforth is a reflection of Government’s commitment and dedication to our ‘Annadata’ .
The Prime Minister also extended his wishes to the people of Andhra Pradesh .
note 1  : it is mentioned under para 5 .3 ( i ) ( conditions of eligibility ) above , of this scheme that the scholarship will be given for the study of all recognised post-matriculation or post-secondary courses pursued in recognised institutions , the list of courses grouped ( i to iv ) is only illustrative and not exhaustive .
Thematic presentations were made to the Prime Minister on subjects such as corporate governance , human resource management , financial re-engineering , innovations and technology , and Vision 2022 for New India .
hygiene tips for protection against diseases
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today dedicated the All India Institute of Ayurveda , in New Delhi , to the nation .
coughing , sneezing , and shaking of the head to dislodge exudate plugs in the windpipe follow .
step v - you can deliver the form and the documents to any one of the following  :
to know the current status of villages/districts/states , click here
severe rotavirus diarrhoea is more common in developing countries where health care can be more difficult to access , resulting in many deaths in children under 5 years old , especially children under 2 .
the patient can walk , but it is restricted to rigidity and slowness of the movement .
as per latest data of the rapid survey on children ( 2013 - 14 ) , the institutional deliveries in india are 78 .7 % .
under this programme , professors of centrally funded institutions like iits , iims , centrally universities will offer online courses to citizens of our country .
the scholar should have separate bank account . in case of joint account , the first name should be of the scholar .
( viii ) Defence and strategic projects have been accorded necessary dispensation .
The Project was included in Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchan Yojana ( PMKSY ) in 2016-17 .
too much sugar can make the diarrhoea worse .
to leverage emerging technologies
The App presently covers seven programs of the Ministry of Rural Development .
Speaking on the subject of depression , the Prime Minister said that in a nation like ours , this issue is worrying .
It means that this government’s performance in this sector is nearly two times better .
Some games saw the participation of the whole family .
separate new chapter on adoption to streamline adoption of orphan , abandoned and surrendered children -
warning signs to watch for  :
a child who is breathing rapidly or with difficulty might have pneumonia , an infection of the lungs .
the india newborn action plan is india ’ s committed response to the global every newborn action plan , launched in june 2014 at the 67th world health assembly , to advance the global strategy for women ’ s and children ’ s health .
harmonisation of different scholarships schemes & norms
change in nomenclature from ‘ juvenile ’ to ‘ child ’ or ‘ child in conflict with law ’ , across the act to remove the negative connotation associated with the word “ juvenile  ”
dinner 8
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved providing Central Assistance of Rs . 620 .42 Cr . and Rs . 205 .758 Cr . for implementation of relining of Rajasthan Feeder Canal and Sirhind Feeder Canal respectively over five years ( 2018-19 to 2022-23 ) for Relining of Sirhind Feeder from RD 119700 to 447927 and relining of Rajasthan Feeder from RD 179000to 496000 of Punjab .
This is the fourth interaction by the Prime Minister through video bridge series with various beneficiaries of Government schemes .
The Prime Minister addressed a public meeting in Gandhinagar , which included a large number of IIT-ians .
diabetic gastroenteropathy
otherwise you would need to visit nearest short message servicepermanent enrolment centre .
The MoC covers the following areas of cooperation :
· 3rd BRICS Ministers of Culture Meeting 2018 ( Durban )
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi today addressed the Indian community in Manila , Philippines .
there are a large number of establishments including lok sabha where training facilities are available but could not be utilized so far .
‘ school safety ’ has been defined as the creation of safe environments for children starting from their homes to their schools and back .
april to july
The Prime Minister invited global business leaders and companies to come and invest in India where the business climate is more investor friendly now with the required infrastructure and facilities in place .
the amount to be refunded within free look period shall be the purchase price deposited by the policyholder after deducting the charges for stamp duty and pension paid , if any .
sensitization , especially of youth
astronomers estimate that 90 % of the atoms in the universe are hydrogen atoms .
type of distributorship area
the problem has a range of causes
so that they can equally enjoy and succeed at learning .
the health status of seed influences the seed quality characters directly and warrants their soundness in seed for the production of elite seedlings at nursery / field .
any other unit specifically approved by national dairy development board
15 days ( 1/2 dose )
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will chair the fourth meeting of the Governing Council of NITI Aayog at Rashtrapati Bhawan on Sunday , the 17th June .
they collect various non timber forest produce items such as honey , gum , amla , bamboo , shrubs , fuel wood , dry leaves , nuts , sprouts , wax , medical plants , roots and tubes .
on death of the pensioner during the policy term of 10 years , the purchase price shall be paid to the beneficiary .
any documents , you want to submit in support of your case
this initiative also provides for free transport from home to institution , between facilities in case of a referral and drop back home .
He mentioned the popularity of Yoga and Indian festivals in Korea .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Badminton Player P .V . Sindhu on winning Korea Open Super Series title .
“Extremely saddened by the train accident in Amritsar .
heat wave is a period of abnormally high temperatures , more than the normal maximum temperature that occurs during the pre-monsoon ( april to june ) summer season .
the officer would be free to identify a suitable gram panchayat for being developed as adarsh gram , other than his/her own village or that of his/her spouse .
allowances for students with disabilities studying in private un-aided schools
· Meeting of the BRICS Environmental Affairs Working Group Meeting – 14 to 16 May ( Pretoria )
the three criteria for selection of districts are  : -
The Prime Minister reviewed the parade of the CISF personnel .
Dr . M . Karunanidhi was also famous for his writing and oratorical skills .
how she will get there
other members , not exceeding nine , to be nominated by the chairperson of the national authority .
certificate of education in the state .
physical activity is one of the main pillars in the prevention of diabetes .
the health worker can also provide information to the parents or other caregiver on vaccines that are missing or remaining .
As always , our efforts will be driven by your priorities .
always follow bank instructions and avoid carrying out banking transactions on public computers .
lakshadweep and andaman and nicobar
mission with all its component has become effective from the date 17 .06 .2015 and will be implemented upto 31 .03 .2022
transmission of rabies through corneal transplants has also been reported in recent literature .
Noting that the relationship between the two countries was elevated to strategic partnership during his visit to Canada in 2015 , the Prime Minister stressed the importance of strengthening bilateral cooperation in diverse spheres .
atal pension yojana is open to all bank account holders who are not members of any statutory social security scheme .
cup feeding also provides some of the contact and stimulation the baby needs , since the person has to hold the baby .
this is the residential program and it is free which includes boarding and lodging .
The Prime Minister also welcomed Maldives as the newest member of the Indian Ocean Rim Association .
health and safety measures and creation of a non- handicapping , environment in places where persons with disabilities are employed
The Prime Minister later flagged off the “Run For Unity ” from Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium .
the cells metabolize ( burn ) the glucose to give the body energy .
The Prime Minister said that Atal ji shall remain an inspiration .
fever is not a disease .
register on the site if not registered already .
fund transfer using mobile number and mobile money identifier
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a telephone call today to H . E . Tun Dr . Mahathir Mohamad to congratulate him on assuming office as the Prime Minister of Malaysia .
empower both local authorities and communities as partners to reduce and manage disaster risks
a denial-of-service attack or distributed denial-of-service attack is an attempt to make a computer resource unavailable to its intended users .
national policy on disaster management , 2009 -
children are at the highest risk of dog rabies  ; about 30 % to 60 % of the victims of dog bites are children less than 15 years of age , and children often play with animals and are less likely to report bites or scratches .
“ nodal agency  ” shall mean the central ministerial department/state government / union territory of india/any other institutionalized arrangement appointed to administer the scheme as per the rules .
transient ischemic attack , it means there 's likely a partially blocked or narrowed artery leading to brain , putting at a greater risk of a full-blown stroke that could cause permanent damage later .
battery operated torch with extra batteries
the national trust for welfare of persons with autism , cerebral palsy , mental retardation , and multiple disabilities act , 1999
you will get an acknowledgment slip with an temporary enrolment number and other details captured during enrolment .
individuals can reduce their risk of type 2 diabetes by  :
Rashtriya Arogya Nidhi ( RAN ) was set up as a registered society to provide financial medical assistance to poor patients receiving treatment in designated central government hospitals .
PM inspected the facilities at the hospital .
once the flames are extinguished continue the general treatment for burns already outlined above
The Prime Minister spoke of the decline in Left Wing Extremism in the country .
it will also reduce administrative overhead of govt . departments and agencies and make it easy for the residents to receive services .
cyber laws
building the capacity of the people to fully participate and contribute to local development
what is oral rehydration salts  ?
Accordingly , the Government has decided to introduce a number of amendments in the FDI Policy .
all pregnant women must be encouraged to opt for an institutional delivery .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Cooperation Arrangement between Food Safety & Standards Authority of India ( FSSAI ) , Ministry of Health & Family Welfare ( MoH&FW ) and Ministry of Agriculture , Irrigation & Livestock ( MAIL ) , Afghanistan for cooperation in the field of Food Safety and related areas .
infrastructures of india
any other as appropriately identified by the concerned gram sabha .
it is an indication that the woman is anemic .
animal bites
hair loss
special allowance  : rs .160/- per month is admissible to any employee of the hostel willing to extend help to a severely orthopedically handicapped student residing in hostel of an educational institution , who may need the assistance of a helper .
in cases of genuine environment close out the e-mail and go to the organization 's website directly through browser
if the eyes become sore or infected , vision may be impaired or lost .
talk to your child more often .
One of most significant of these was the drafting committee and Dr . Babasaheb Ambedkar was the Chairman of this drafting committee .
in particular , the companion can support the woman in labour to eat and drink , use breathing techniques for different stages of childbirth , and arrange for pain and discomfort relief as needed and advised by the skilled birth attendant .
encroachments are also a major problem in many cities and towns .
all over india in urban areas , but very less experience in rural areas
Background :-
He mentioned the Jan Dhan Yojana , and said that the poor have now got access to banking facilities .
· BRICS TB Research Network ( Durban )
enrol the child ( both girls and boys ) in an early learning ( play ) programme that helps to prepare the child for school .
The Prime Minister recalled the CRPF jawans who sacrificed their lives in the recent terror attack in Pulwama , and paid homage to all the martyrs who made the supreme sacrifice , defending India .
working pregnant women and mothers and their newborns and families generally need cash support and medical care benefits .
SLP was filed in Supreme Court on-12 .04 .2017 against the judgment of High Court of Uttarakhand which was dismissed on 08 .05 .2017 .
guidelines on management of heat wave
We are jumping directly from BS four to BS six fuel by April 2020 .
ensuring efficient mechanism for identification , assessment and monitoring of disaster risks .
preparing a heat wave action plan and implementing
Foreign tourist arrivals in India went up from around 70 lakh in 2013 to about 1 crore in 2017 .
bones are alive and constantly changing , with new bones being made and old bone lost throughout lives  ?
new born piglets are active and within two minutes each piglet reaches a teat and attempt to suck milk .
Most of the sectors of our economy are now open for FDI .
contributions to the atal pension yojana is eligible for tax benefits similar to the national pension system .
the pig house also provides better micro - environment in summer and winter as well as better physiological adaptation .
it does this by encrypting the files .
a computerized list of inspections will be generated randomly based on pre-determined objective criteria .
inclusion of the poorest , and meaningful role to the poorest in all the processes
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has paid homage to the martyrs of 2001 Parliament attack .
merchant 's mobile number , mobile money identifier , amount and payment reference
repeat audits at regular intervals .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between Union Public Service Commission ( UPSC ) and Public Service Commission of Mauritius .
do not use sawdust , litter high in bark content , or shavings that have been wet .
repeated child birth
by the age of 6 months
an apprentice is a person who has made contract of apprenticeship with the employer for apprenticeship training under the act .
 ” I bow to Sri Ramakrishna Paramhansa on his Jayanti .
if a person does not have any of the “ officially valid documents  ” mentioned above , but it is categorized as `` low risk '' by the banks , then he/she can open a bank account by submitting any one of the following documents  :
backdoors may also be installed prior to malicious software , to allow attackers entry .
Economy growing at a fast pace , was not acceptable to the .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post-facto approval for a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Italy on cooperation in the field of Health and Medical Sciences .
pandemic is an epidemic that spreads across a large region , that is , a continent , or even worldwide of existing , emerging or reemerging diseases and pestilences , example being influenza swine flu .
the chances of a person 's recovery depend on the cause of the coma , whether the problem can be corrected , and the duration of the coma .
it lights our houses by day , dries our clothes and agricultural produce , keeps us warm and lots more .
In response to a question on time management and exhaustion , the Prime Minister said that 1 .25 billion Indians are all his family .
India has a fairly decent report card on bio-diversity conservation .
inform the new parents of danger signs in an infant that require immediate medical attention
consult with a professional for advice .
to create a learning ecosystem between the various stakeholders of the partnering states so that they benefit from the best practices of one another by establishing a state to state connect .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Chhattisgarh today .
financial assistance shall be made available to the universities , other institutions of higher learning , professional bodies and non-government research- units or institutions , for undertaking research for special education , rehabilitation and manpower development .
proof of identity / address of the business enterprise –
No poor person of the country will have to face difficulty in dealing with diseases .
heat -waves typically occur between march to june , and in some rare cases even extend till july .
with this , electronic vaccine intelligence network will support better vaccine logistics management at more than 10 ,400 cold chain points reaching out to nearly 60 percent of children under the age of two in the country .
Out of these , 44% of start-ups registered are from Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities as Start-Up India is focussing on encouraging local innovations from their areas .
sericulture
check forwarding and delegation email settings that grant others access to your account to make sure your email is being directed properly .
service provider not accepting e-aadhaar copy . what to do  ?
while in the central government it occupied a place in the ministry of agriculture , in the states it was a concern of the revenue or relief departments , and in the districts it was one of the many crisis management functions of the collectors .
Chairman , ASEAN Business Advisory Council ;
all faeces , including those of babies and young children , should be disposed of safely .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the ““General Elections to the Lok Sabha 2019 ) -for issuance of statutory notifications under under sub-section( 2 ) of Section 14 of the Representation of the People Act , 1951 ” .
The Prime Minister said a defence industrial corridor would be established in Uttar Pradesh , and would help in development of the Bundelkhand region .
liquid waste management  : wastewater treatment technologies
lmplementation Strategy and Targets :
online consent by customer
The Prime Minister said India’s aviation sector is being transformed rapidly , and this augurs well for 125 crore Indians .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi , and Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , today jointly unveiled e-plaques for development projects in Bangladesh , through video conference .
headaches have numerous causes , and in 2007 the international headache society agreed upon an updated classification system for headache .
The Prime Minister congratulated the farmers for the launch of Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi .
fake emails linking you to sites that steal your login details ( known as ‘ phishing ’ emails ) .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi had telephonic conversations with the President and Prime Minister of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and conveyed heartfelt condolences on his own behalf and on behalf of all Indians at the loss of over one hundred and fifty innocent lives in today’s terrorist attacks in Sri Lanka .
In the Railways sector , the Prime Minister laid the foundation stone of the doubling of railway lines between Muzaffarpur and Sagauli ; and Sagauli and Valmikinagar .
to incentivise contributions from individuals and corporate , modalities are being considered to provide tax rebates where it is possible .
for this , all the eligible applicants need to apply online on the website of national scholarship portal on or before 15th december of every year .
there are under-penetrated/untapped consumers segments in rural areas that do not have access to banking and financial services .
In November , 2016 , the two Prime Ministers endorsed Skill Development and Entrepreneurship as one of the priority area for collaboration .
once the form is saved as draft , an unique complaint is provided ,
construct insanitary latrines .
It was renewed on 9th September , 2011 for a period of three years which expired by 8th September , 2014 .
refrain any medication unless prescribed by a qualified health practitioner .
a caring companion can be there for you emotionally and in times of need
The trade cooperation framework was signed on 23rd July , 2018 .
The Prime Minister said that PM-KISAN depends on direct transfer , and therefore the entire amount will reach the beneficiary .
rabid animals behave abnormally .
difficulty manipulating small objects
availability of safe and convenient processed foods at affordable price to consumers and enhancing the export of the processed foods .
The Foundation works closely with the Ministry of Human Resource Development ( MHRD ) and State Governments to serve quality , hygienic , and nutritious food to millions of children .
the corners of feed troughs , drains and walls should be rounded for easy cleaning .
it includes severe disabilities such as  :
contact community officials to find out if they are planning to construct barriers ( levees , beams and floodwalls ) to stop floodwater from entering the homes in your area .
in addition some diseases such as malaria can cause serious problems during pregnancy .
During my stay in Manila , I shall also visit the International Rice Research Institute ( IRRI ) and Mahavir Philippines Foundation Inc .
malaria is very dangerous for pregnant women .
for requesters
after many pregnancies , she faces an increased risk of serious health problems such as anaemia and haemorrhage .
Underlining the importance laid by Gandhi jee for Swachchata , PM said we have imbibed those values fro a clean India .
every person including the disabled has his life and liberty guaranteed under article 21 of the constitution .
in addition to dogs , many other animals can transmit rabies .
seed standards
landslides and avalanches are among the major hydro-geological hazards that affect large parts of india besides the himalayas , the northeastern hill ranges , the western ghats , the nilgiris , the eastern ghats and the vindhyans , in that order , covering about 15 % of the landmass .
· 6th Meeting of BRICS Ministers of Science , Technology and Innovation – 3 July ( Durban )
no child can be denied admission into any education institution maintained by the state or receiving aid out of state funds on the ground of religion , race , casteor language .
always use default firewall in your windows machine and linux machines to control communications
the `` cyber swachhta kendra '' ( botnet cleaning and malware analysis centre ) is a part of the government of india 's digital india initiative under the ministry of electronics and information technology to create a secure cyber space by detecting botnet infections in india and to notify , enable cleaning and securing systems of end users so as to prevent further infections .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Varanasi today .
family member in whose name the connection is being transferred to indemnify the oil company against any claims on account of such transfer – format available with distributor .
stay away from exterior walls , glass , heavy doors , heavy furniture , fireplaces and kitchen appliances .
limit television watching and ensure that violent shows are not viewed
avoid stopping near or under buildings , trees , overpasses , and utility wires .
President Mirziyoyev congratulated Prime Minister on the successful outcome of the First India-Central Asia Dialogue which demonstrated India’s positive impact on the Central Asia region and the joint quest of the participant countries for peace in Afghanistan .
annual lighting emission reduction of 371 kg is equivalent to 37 additional trees
how to use your rupay card online  ?
danger signs during pregnancy .
this section contains details of grassroots innovations .
non-payment or delay in payment of inward remittances
babies born to very young mothers are much more likely to die in the first year of life .
recover and build
the mother needs to assess the risks through discussion with a trained health worker .
establishments in the private sector employing between 10–24 persons are being brought under the purview of the act-the employment exchanges ( compulsory notification of vacancies ) act , 1959 for the purpose of submission of returns .
The Prime Minister said CPSEs can work as role models in many areas such as paperless work culture , cashless transactions , and waste management .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 85 - 122 kg
the major programmes implemented by the department are as follows .
objective of the scheme
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today released the Dictionary of Martyrs of India’s Freedom Struggle , at an event in Lok Kalyan Marg , New Delhi .
how can you use immediate payment service  ?
worms from pigs may infect human being also .
another example may be for proximity payments , where the payer and payee are using different devices , but are close enough for the information to be transmitted locally .
hands should always be washed with soap and water or a substitute , such as ash and water , after defecating , after helping children use the toilet or latrine , after cleaning the baby 's bottom , after disposing of refuse , and immediately before feeding children , handling food or eating .
half-yearly
Mr . Charles Bastienne , Minister for Fisheries and Agriculture
Brothers and sisters , there was a time when India was included in a group related to international economy called Fragile Five , unlike the groups today like , G-7 , G-8 or G-20 .
integrated fish farming-chicken
Therefore , the interest of the poor and vulnerable groups will be protected .
duration and renewal of awards
and in a relatively short span of about 50 years , four such earthquakes have occurred  :
14309  : manufacture of other knitted and crocheted apparel including hosiery
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of Department of Health Research , Ministry of Health & Family Welfare to enhance the age of superannuation of General Duty Medical Officers , Specialist Grade doctors and Teaching medical faculty working in Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre , Bhopal to sixty-five years at par with doctors of Central Health Services and doctors working under other Central government hospitals/institutes .
It’s a vagary of Nature that some places have received higher rainfall compared to other places .
In the midst of all this , there are challenges that touch us all , including the un-ending threat of terrorism and extremism .
a number of these factors can also increase your chances of having a heart attack .
It was this call for Convenient Action that led India , along with France , to form the International Solar Alliance .
common health conditions associated with ageing
Following is the text of Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi’s message on World Toilet Day .
supporting information
user enters beneficiary ’ s / payee virtual id , amount and selects account to be debited
The Prime Minister said that the success of these initiatives has also been because of Jan Bhagidaari – public participation .
there is little research to confirm the exact cause of tension headaches .
We are committed to bring all the State Capitals of North East Region on the Rail map .
family planning is one of the most effective ways to improve women 's and children 's health and survival .
the general norm for selecting accredited social health activist in urban area will be ‘ ‘ one accredited social health activist for every 1000-2500 population  ” .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , was apprised about an MoU signed in February , 2019 between India and Morocco to promote exchange of information and technical cooperation in the field of Housing and Human Settlement .
'sukanya samriddhi yojna ’ is a small deposit scheme for girl child , launched as a part of the ‘ beti bachao beti padhao ' campaign , which would fetch an attractive interest rate and provide income tax rebate .
the persons employed in supervisory and managerial capacity are eligible for availing the facilities under different welfare schemes subject to the wage limit of rs .10 ,000/- per month .
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister conveyed greetings on the occasion of Christmas .
Smt Harsimrat Kaur Badal , Minister for Food Processing Industries , Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti , Minister of State for Food Processing Industries , and senior officials from the Union Government were also present .
if a child has mental or emotional difficulties or has been abused , she or he needs mental health or counselling services .
please click on “ bank  ” to file right to information application .
it should be closely observed for estrus symptoms around 20 days after breeding to assure the non - return of estrus and expect the conception .
The MoU was signed on 30th January , 2018 in New Delhi by Shri R . K . Singh , Minister of State ( IC ) for Power and New and Renewable Energy ( NRE ) and H .E . Mr . Carl B . Greenidge , 2ndVice President and the Foreign Minister of the Co-operative , Guyana .
Memorandum of Understanding on Cooperation between Myanmar Press Council and the Press Council of India
With the new integrated Terminal building in Trichy , the airport can handle 3 .63 million passengers per annum on full capacity and 2 ,900 passengers at peak hour with provision for expansion .
The memorial of Babasaheb Ambedkar , the creator of the Constitution of India has been given the shape of a book .
faculty recruitment support
supporting information
during course of communication he disclosed that he is under going treatment for cancer arid was married arid had one son out of his wedlock .
MoU between the Ministry of Defence of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Defence of the Argentine Republic on Defence Cooperation
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Indian Badminton Player Kidambi Srikanth , on his victory at Denmark Open Super Series Premier 2017 .
improve participation of the society in the running of the hospital  ;
they include coal , power generation , paper , fertilizer , iron and steel industries , asbestos , etc .
it should ordinarily have been engaged in the field of women ’ s welfare/social welfare/women ’ s education for a minimum period of two years prior to the request for grant-in-aid under the scheme ,
coaching allowance  : rs .240/- per month towards extra coaching to mentally retarded and mentally ill students .
ether extract ( % )
scientific publications have warned of the likelihood of the occurrence of very severe earthquakes in the himalayan region , which could adversely affect the lives of several million people in india .
enhance the adoption of precision - irrigation and other water saving technologies ( more crop per drop ) .
More than three years ago , I landed at dawn in Fiji to start a successful new phase of engagement with Pacific Island Nations .
often they look legitimate , offer something too good to be true or contain some type of inappropriate or illegal content .
components of the scheme
non-adherence to the provisions of the fair practices code for lenders as adopted by the bank or code of bank ’ s commitment to customers , as the case may be
the national skill development mission launched by the ministry of skill development and entrepreneurship on july 15 , 2015 , aims to create convergence across sectors and states in terms of skill training activities .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Guntur in Andhra Pradesh , Tiruppur in Tamil Nadu and Hubli in Karnataka tomorrow .
primary milk producers
in this regard , national information infrastructure , which is at an advanced stage of project formulation , would be fast-tracked by national e-governance plan
banks are free to hedge their positions in the case of short-term deposits .
the pension payment shall be through monthly or quarterly
if the process were really simple , then a lot would have been doing it with relative ease , but it ’ s not .
apprentice must fulfill the following  :
safety tip  :
Shri Vijay Gokhle , Foreign Secretary
rape by someone having authority and control over the victim because of their legal status ( like police officers , public servants , armed forces personnel , jail staff )  ;
14th PBD held during 7–9 January 2017 at Bengaluru , Karnataka was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
book banks are to be set up in all institutes where disabled students are in receipt of post matric scholarship .
candidates who after passing one stage of education are studying in the same stage of education in different subject
Government has also almost doubled the budget provision for agricultural sector ( 2014-2019 ) to Rs . 2 ,12 ,000crore compared to Rs . 1 ,21 ,000 during thepast five years of the previous government .
the rhinovirus is the most common type of virus that causes colds
Interacting with a wide cross-section of IT and electronic manufacturing professionals , captains of industry and technocrats on the occasion , the Prime Minister said he is sure that people want to work for others , serve society and make a positive difference .
Earlier , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that the India-Japan partnership is special , strategic and global .
the account shall mature on completion of twenty-one years from the date of opening of the account  :
it is dependent on fossil fuels .
I have talked about developing Clusters of Excellence in Science in Cities , around important Scientific Institutions .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate two–day Uttar Pradesh Investors’ Summit 2018 in Lucknow tomorrow .
v ) Hospital twinning for exchange of good practices ;
First Lady Kim is visiting India at the invitation of Prime Minister Modi .
The Prime Minister addressed an audience of over 10 ,000 people , drawn from Self Help Groups , Panchayats , water conservation innovators , and beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana .
Yesterday , I had spoken about the BRICS driving the global transformation in the next ten years for it to be a Golden Decade .
they attain slaughter maturity size ( 60-70kg ) within 6 months and give 9-12 piglets in every litter .
The extension of Delhi Metro corridor from Noida City Centre to Noida Sector 62 is the extension to Dwarka-Noida City Centre line of Delhi Metro system which will result into people being assured about their mobility and thus more people will like to move to this satellite town of Delhi , thus decongesting Delhi .
resident facing an error while filing online income tax return , while authenticating with aadhaar number  ?
all graduate & post graduate courses recognised by classes ix and x will be covered under post-matric scholarship
India will be eternally grateful to Shri Manohar Parrikar for his tenure as our Defence Minister .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated people of Chennai on inclusion of Chennai in UNESCO creative Cities Network .
epilepsy is treatable , controllable and preventable .
State Governments of Tamil Nadu , Kerala and Lakshadweep administration also took prompt action in dealing with the situation .
The Prime Minister also mentioned the steps taken for Scheduled Castes and Other Backward Castes .
students whose parental income from all sources is not more than rs . 1 ,50 ,000/- are eligible to avail the scholarships .
Implementation strategy and Targets
visit the office at the appointed time .
the right to education is available to all citizens including the disabled .
`` stroke kills more people than malaria , tuberculosis and stroke together .
the suryamitra skill development programmes are sponsored by ministry of new & renewable energy , government of india .
under the scheme , financial assistance is provided for construction of pucca house to all houseless and households living in dilapidated houses .
the indian subcontinent is one of the worst affected regions in the world .
six months to one year after the second dose , or during the next pregnancy .
give the child a drink made with 6 level teaspoons of sugar and 1/2 level teaspoon of salt dissolved in 1 litre of clean water .
dehydration
inspect drains for - litter , leaves , plastic bags , rubble etc .
issuance of rupay debit card with inbuilt rs 1 lakh personal accident insurance cover provided by business correspondent ergo and a life cover of rs 30 ,000 provided by business correspondent
successful aadhaar authentication , customer information will auto populate in the displayed form
by providing for training programmes to increase the number and competence of personnel engaged in the field of occupational safety , health and environment at workplace  ;
hence downloaded aadhaar /e-aadhaar is a valid and secure electronic document which should be treated at par with printed aadhaar letter .
intervention packages in descending order of impact on still -births
He said that PM Sheikh Hasina’s vision is the biggest inspiration for stronger connectivity between India and Bangladesh .
The two leaders appreciated the major milestones achieved in the Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year .
a major initiative has been undertaken to revamp the apprenticeship scheme in india after extensive consultation with industry , states and other stakeholders with the vision of increasing apprenticeship seats to more than 20 lakhs in next few years .
since most successful ventures would have contributions of the entire team , retiring persons may indicate names of other members of the team in the write-up .
in adulthood it plays a role in risk for noncommunicable diseases .
The Prime Minister mentioned the plans to expand the healthcare infrastructure , road network , and oil and gas pipeline infrastructure in the State .
• A wooden replica of the Ashok Stambh , which had a base price of Rs . 4000/- was auctioned for Rs . 13 lakh .
it is government of india scheme , which is administered by the pension fund regulatory and development authority .
cine workers –an amount not exceeding rs .8 ,000/- per month where such amount is paid monthly or an amount not exceeding rs .1 ,00 ,000/- where it is paid by way of lump sum or instalments  ; as remuneration of a cine worker for the purpose of this act .
fifth schedule areas
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the creation of one circle office of Commissioner of Metro Railway Safety ( CMRS ) , along-with all supporting officers and staffs for carrying out the functions of Commission of Metro Railway Safety as envisaged in the “Metro Railways ( Operations and Maintenance ) Act , 2002 ” , in the Commission of Railway Safety under the Ministry of Civil Aviation .
The Prime Minister said that spiritual institutions in India , have been centres for the spread of social reform .
The opening remarks set the tone of his Government- “A government that works for the people of India , sensitive to people’s aspiration , honest , transparent , against corruption and for fast pace of development . ”
prepare a family disaster management plan and explain it to all the family members .
malaria usually causes a high fever and chills .
national agriculture market is a pan-india electronic trading portal which networks the existing agricultural produce marketing committee mandis to create a unified national market for agricultural commodities .
but excess water should not be drained form the waste material
sometimes , coughs are signs of a serious problem .
Applauding the efforts of NRIs , particularly Saurashtra Patel community , Prime Minister said that NRIs have always made India proud .
skill sub-mission  : institutional training
any person having a bank account and aadhaar number linked to the bank account can give a simple form to the bank every year before 1st of june in order to join the scheme .
you will be prompted to enter the last 6 digits of your debit card along with the expiry date .
He saidthat PM –KISAN scheme is a long term and comprehensive plan for the welfare of the farmers .
“Greetings to @BSF_India personnel and their families on BSF Raising Day .
The objective is to create city-based R&D Clusters , which will bring together all Science and Technology partners , from Academia to Institutes , to Industries to Startups .
The Prime Minister recalled how the city of Varanasi had welcomed Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , and French President Emmanuel Macron .
49 days
I am happy that the business community in Netherlands is enthusiastic about opportunities being created in India .
seizures are most common in children and elderly people who are above 65 years of age .
The launch of Integrated Command and Control Centres in Gangtok , Namchi , Pasighat , Itanagar and Agartala is a welcome step .
click here for national valid list of documents .
brush making unit with twisted wire
total monthly income of the worker ’ s family from all sources should not exceed as under  : -
breastfeeding
national e-governance plan
section 80 dd  :
Similarly , he added that Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose , Swami Vivekananda and Mahatma Gandhi are respected in Bangladesh as much as in India .
process to be followed
how to ensure that the child gets enough nutrients , such as iron and vitamin a , for her or his healthy mental and physical development .
earlier
as on september 2016 , 46 hospitals covering 478 departments provide this service .
the clusters could then be formed by identifying geographically contiguous villages/gram panchayats within a radius of 5–10 km ( or radius appropriate to the population density and geography of the region ) around the identified growth center .
annual lighting emission reduction of 85-122 kg is equivalent to 8-12 additional trees
eligibility criteria
the rogi kalyan samiti /hms will not function as a government agency , but as an ngo as far as functioning is concerned .
all the eligible scheduled tribes candidates will be given scholarships .
information , the disclosure of which would cause a breach of privilege of parliament or the state legislature
some examples of healthy foods include fruits and vegetables ( including green leafy vegetables ) , liver , red palm oil , dairy products , fish and eggs .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , earlier visited Vrindavan and Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh to serve the three billionth meal to underprivileged children from schools and for the Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas respectively .
if the pregnancy has exceeded 12 weeks and is below 20 weeks ( first trimester ) , two doctors need to be satisfied that the conditions have been fulfilled .
The Prime Minister thanked the National Institute of Design for the design , Security Printing and Minting Corporation of India Limited and the Ministry of Finance for the introduction of new coins .
moreover it will motivate those who still choose to deliver at their homes to opt for institutional deliveries .
cyclones are classified as  : ( i ) extra tropical cyclones ( also called temperate cyclones )  ; and ( ii ) tropical cyclones .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Mines ; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Coal .
the foundation and certified seeds can be multiplied at stage 1 and ii , but the reproduction can not exceed three generations after breeder seed .
He laid foundation stone of Guru Ravidas Birth Place Development Project to mark Ravidas Jayanti celebrations .
any document , manuscript and file
building awareness about health care entitlements especially amongst the poor and marginalized ,
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his greetings to the UN on United Nations Day .
In Pune , the Prime Minister laid the Foundation Stone of Pune Metro Phase-3 .
stringent penalty is provided in the law in case of non-compliance .
if something like this happens , you have the following options  :
likewise , they should also be aware of and discharge their fundamental and civic duties .
practice hygiene during cooking
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Indian Navy personnel and their families on Navy Day .
if mothers and fathers treat each other with love and respect , this is what their children will learn and most likely 'replay ' in their adult relationships .
increase resilience and prevent the emergence of new disaster risks and reduce the existing risks
therefore , minimum period of contribution by the subscriber under atal pension yojana would be 20 years or more .
long term , children not treated for worms are shown to earn less as adults .
click here to submit online application to banking ombudsman
however , prosecution for the crime of employing children and adolescents will be under the child labour law .
in the event of death of the member during the period of coverage and while the policy is in force , his/her nominee will have to make an application along with death certificate for payment of claim amount to the designated official of the nodal agency .
Some of the major schemes of this kind include Post Matric Scholarship , National Overseas Scholarship , National Fellowship , Top Class Education , Concessional Loans from National Scheduled Tribes Finance and Development Corporation , Hostels for ST boys and girls etc .
The first consignment of the high speed diesel reached Myanmar on 4th September 2017 .
using cannabis , heroin , amphetamines or cocaine can cause damage to the brain , liver , kidney and lungs both in the short and long terms .
The PM said “the scheme will benefit 27 lakh farmers .
to impress upon people at large about the increasing inter-connectedness between the constituents of various cultural and economic zones which is so vital for the spirit of nation building .
before applying , the applicants should read the instructions/guidelines carefully as mentioned below  : -
In this context , he mentioned the Dr . Ambedkar International Centre , the Dr . Ambedkar National Memorial , the Pravasi Bharatiya Kendra and the new office building for the Central Information Commission .
it is highly flammable .
introduction
ecology specific rice based cropping
young people ’ s risk of hiv infection is closely correlated with age of sexual debut .
renewal of scholarship
Prime Minister Oli and I will have the opportunity to take forward our recent wide-ranging discussions in New Delhi on issues of mutual interest , and to advance our cooperative partnership across diverse sectors .
voters ’ participation in the democratic and electoral processes is integral to the successful running of any democracy and the very basis of wholesome democratic elections .
do not give alcohol , caffeine or aerated drink
low blood pressure ( hypotension ) is pressure that is so low that it causes symptoms or signs due to the low flow of blood through the arteries and veins .
immediate payment service can be used on any platform - mobile , internet and any bank in india .
antihistamine cream for bee stings .
trouble focusing on tasks , understanding and completing schoolwork
sovereign gold bond scheme are government securities denominated in grams of gold .
• Science and Technology and Start-ups in Agriculture
hearing impairment
promote the implementation of integrated and inclusive economic , structural , legal , social , health , cultural , educational , environmental , technological , political and institutional measures to prevent and reduce hazard exposure and vulnerabilities to disaster
it would be the responsibility of the lawyer /prosecutor to simplify legal procedures for the aggrieved woman and advocate for her exemption from court hearings .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated ISRO team for the successful launch of its 100th satellite .
those with multiple pregnancy
capacity development
madhya pradesh and manipur and nagaland
pre-matric scholarship for students with disabilities
The MoU was signed by Shri Somnath Ghosh , Ambassador of India to Tajikistan , for Youth Affairs and Sports , Govt . of India and Mr . AbdullozodaAhtamRustam , Chairman of the Committee for Youth and Sports Affairs for the Government of the Republic of Tajikistan .
They should clarify- Do they believe our armed forces or they believe those forces who support terrorism on our soil ?
with skill enhancement , they can look for better employment .
to save a life
if older children are given animal milk it should be freshly boiled or pasteurized ( a special way of heating milk to destroy harmful bacteria ) .
The fire that was in the hearts of our jawans , it was in the heart of the PM too , Surgical Strike was the result .
bodies of all the living beings and non living objects of the universe are composed of jung-wa-nga  ; viz sa , chu , me , lung and nam-kha ( skt  : prithvi , jal , agni , vayu and akash ) .
· Meeting of BRICS Energy Efficiency & Energy Saving Working Group – 17 to 18 May ( Cape Town )
The draft Bill has been finalised after wide consultation with leading Indian experts and international experts .
the kilowatt-hour is a unit of energy equivalent to one kilowatt of power expended for one hour of time .
If anybody thinks that not going to a place will prolong their CM tenure and visiting a place will curtail it , such a person does not deserve to be a Chief Minister , the Prime Minister asserted .
participate in events and job fairs
a well organized seed certification should help in accomplishing the following three primary objectives .
7 ,500/ - ( 75 % of the purchasing cost or rs . 7 ,500/ - whichever is less )
a counsellor is a trained professional who can help you to resolve problems in a positive way by helping you to clarify an issue , explore options , develop strategies and increase self – awareness .
however , while sanctioning scholarship against paid seat , state governments would make the income verification compulsory .
but because the pain is caused by a problem in the brain instead of a physical injury , there are few medications to treat central pain syndrome . .
21 . The two Prime Ministers underlined the importance of their growing collaboration for achieving the Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs ) .
all 4041 statutory towns as per census 2011 with focus on 500 class i cities would be covered in three phases as follows  :
register complaint / view complaint status
it is usually performed by non-expert , but trained personnel to a sick or injured person until definitive medical treatment can be accessed
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to former President Dr . A .P .J . Abdul Kalam on his birth anniversary .
Cut in fertilizer usage resulted in monetary saving .
serves as a framework for states/districts to develop their own action plan with measurable indicators
He said they should also get all their vendors registered on GeM .
periosteum  :
bharatnet
do i need aadhaar to get my bank  ?
India and Japan will further collaborate in energy efficiency and conservation , energy storage as well as manufacturing of eco-friendly vehicles including hybrid and electric vehicles .
dipping or painting with butox - 1 % solution spray or dipping or painting or deltamethrin @ 50 – 75 ( two application at 1 0 days interval or ivermectin @ 0 .3 should be done regularly .
robbery / theft / burglary
saves about 20 ,000 liters of water
subsequent screen to enter beneficiary mobile number , mobile money identifier , amount and remarks ( optional ) will appear .
be honest and open with parents .
every disabled person can move the supreme court of india to enforce his fundamental rights and the rights to move the supreme court is itself guaranteed by article 32 .
India will be friends with both Saudi Arabia and Iran .
The Cabinet has also approved contribution of Rs .324 .87 crore as central financial assistance for extension at the total completion cost of Rs .1 ,781 .21 crore .
The government is spending generously for the same but the credit does not go to the government .
when to file online complaint to central information commission
adequate delivery assistance in all cases
prime minister krishi sinchayee yojna ( watershed development component )
the pharma jan samadhan provides the following online services to the citizens .
welcome screen will appear asking you to enter your bank ’ s 3 letters short name or first 4 letters of mobile pin
accordingly , a steering committee on hydrogen energy and fuel cells was constituted by the ministry of new and renewable energy which has submitted its report - hydrogen energy and fuel cells in india—a way forward .
Finally , an agreement was reached between Punjab and J&K states under the aegis of MoWR , RD&GR at New Delhi on 8th September , 2018 .
Engaging with beneficiaries , Prime Minister said that PMAY has created employment opportunities for all .
not more than two disabled children of the same parents will be entitled to receive benefits of the scheme .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) between India and Iran in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine .
sterile adhesive bandages in assorted sizes
issues related to personal hygiene
the officer will identify one gram panchayat to be taken up immediately , and two others to be taken up a little later .
He congratulated the people and local administration for making Daman Open Defecation Free .
Lays the Foundation Stone of Road Project in Yavatmal worth Rs 500 Crores
when symptoms begin in the arms or legs , it is referred to as “ limb onset  ” amyotrophic lateral sclerosis .
Earlier , Smt Harsimrat Kaur Badal spoke briefly about Government policies to promote investments in the food processing sector .
At the last India Africa Forum Summit , we had committed a concessional Line of Credit of 10 billion U .S . dollars and 600 million dollars in grant assistance .
obey orders by government and shift to a safer place .
malaria is transmitted through the bites of some mosquitoes .
in the meantime , the child should be given solution and/or other liquids , plus zinc .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has congratulated athlete Hima Das on winning Gold in 400m of World U20 Championships .
more suckling produces more breast milk , which helps satisfy the baby 's feeding needs
to preserve vitality and resistance to infection
every six seconds , someone somewhere will die from stroke and one in six persons will suffer a stroke in their lifetime .
any start-up certified by the start-up certification board as having an innovative business .
· 8th Meeting of BRICS Trade Ministers – 5 July ( Magaliesburg )
in line with the above and to extend support to the workers ’ family towards education of their children , a scholarship scheme for educational support has been envisaged .
this includes a mix of tasks  :
In Kollam , Prime Minister will inaugurate Kollam bypass on NH-66 .
restrict access to internet  :
The ShahpurKandi Dam project is proposed on River Ravi , 11 d/s of RanjitSagarDam and 8 km u/s of Madhopur Head Works .
The numbers speak for themselves .
48 newly elected Sarpanchesof Panchayats from Jammu and Kashmir called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi today .
use battery-powered lanterns or flashlights when examining buildings .
to create a database capturing vital information of lawyers for appropriate positions in the relevant field
if any unsolicited e-mails , never reply back and report to your local crime police station
utility of electronic vaccine intelligence network
typical diet
He inaugurated Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia which will deliver 15% of the total gas produced in Assam .
stay in bed if you are there when the earthquake strikes .
He stressed on the importance of improving the speed of grievance disposal , so that the problems of ex-servicemen can be positively resolved in the shortest possible time .
for aadhaars it is suggested that they disclose their non-resident status with proof to their bank .
Dr . Masoud Karbasian , Minister of Economic Affairs and Finance
He said that we feel proud that global community joined us in compilation of Bapu’s favourite bhajan , Vaishnava jan .
district health mission , under the leadership of zila parishad with district health head as convener and all relevant departments , private professionals etc represented on it
quality improvement program
suitable prophylaxis to be made available at all assembly areas for administration to plant personnel , in case the situation demands .
pig can be kept under two systems and indoor system .
when the muscles covering the skull are stressed , they may spasm and cause pain .
multiple access mechanism to choose from
This is also available as an e-book on the Narendra Modi Website .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Uttar Pradesh , on December 16 , 2018 .
Cardiology , Cardiac Surgery ( CTVS ) , Neurology , Neurosurgery , Urology , Nephrology , Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery , Medical Gastroenterology , Surgical Gastroenterology , Vascular Surgery , with 5 Operation Theaters .
recognizing the diversity with regard to public health infrastructure , socio -economic conditions and the administrative network , the health insurance scheme aims to facilitate launching of health insurance projects in all the districts of the states in a phased manner for aadhar card workers .
family planning
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to the first President of India , Dr . Rajendra Prasad , on his Jayanti .
compliance regime based on self-certification
Anshu Kumar & Amar Kumar from Delhi on Mygov , Vikas Yadav from Patna ; on similar lines Monica Jain from Delhi , Prosenjit Sarkar from Bardhaman , West Bengal and Sangeeta Shastri from Nagpur converge in asking a shared question .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will pay visit to Kumbh at Prayagraj tomorrow .
to bring in transparency in labour inspection , a transparent labour inspection scheme has been developed .
the scheme for start-ups intellectual property protection is envisaged to facilitate protection of patents , trademark and designs of innovative and interested start ups .
volunteers can assist in the following areas  :
Underlining the importance of India’s growth and its strong economic fundamentals , the Prime Minister said , “At 7 .3 per cent , the average GDP growth has been the highest of any Indian government since 1991 .
for example if a mention institution or eligible medium enterprises wants to conduct a pre or post project training programme for a group of women then the maximum government grant can be rs .1 .0 lakh provided the medium enterprises also raises 25 % of the requested grant i .e . the total expenditure of the training expenditure can be up to rs . 1 .25 lakhs for availing full assistance of government grant .
all graduate & post graduate courses recognised by schemes will be covered under post-matric scholarship
enable inter-sectoral and inter-institutional convergence at district/block/grassroot levels .
victim of mass disaster ethnic violence , caste atrocity , flood , drought , earthquake or industrial disaster  ;
the plan has a regional approach , which will be beneficial not only for disaster management but also for development planning .
if a woman has any of the following danger signs after she has delivered her baby , she should seek care immediately  :
63 . We recognise that the multilateral trading system is facing unprecedented challenges .
coir pith compost unit with accessories
Prime Minister Abe expressed Japan’s intention to continue to support India’s efforts for social and industrial development , including through key quality infrastructure projects and capacity building .
the research parks shall be modeled based on the research park setup at madras .
fill the profile form .
it enables citizens to do the following .
the saansad adarsh gram yojana was launched on on 11th october , 2014 .
participants/ vendors should display product/products of good quality and would be solely responsible for quality of products and mahila e-haat shall not be responsible in this regard .
The Prime Minister thanked the President of Russia , Vladimir Putin , and Rosneft , for their commitments and support to the energy sector in India .
the state level pairings would be utilized for state level activities .
these acts are punished with more jail time if they are committed by someone in a position of trust or authority .
Under this scheme 65 lakh houses have been constructed till date including 9 .2 lakh in Uttar Pradesh .
He reviewed the progress towards ODF ( Open Defecation Free ) targets in each of these States .
care
These projects will be of direct benefit to Amethi region as well as Uttar Pradesh .
medically , hair loss falls into several categories , including  :
PM will unveil several development projects at Perumanallur village in Tiruppur in Tamil Nadu .
offer a passage for overseas employment through specific programmes mapped to global job requirements and bench marked to international standards .
Addressing an enthusiastic gathering , the Prime Minister said that coming back to one’s home town and receiving such a warm welcome is special .
the term `` computer virus '' is sometimes used as a catch-all phrase to include all types of malware , including true viruses .
These included surgeries on cattle , ultrasonography etc .
PM inaugurated the first phase of River Front Development at Patna .
South Korea being a leading manufacturer of Electric Vehicles has a huge opportunity in this sector in India .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare ; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Panchayati Raj .
His slogan “Jai Jawan , Jai Kisan ” is the hall mark of his grand personality .
the baby 's lower lip is turned outward
the earthquake risk in india
for women with pregnancy induced hypertension
He said each archaeological discovery , painstakingly made by archaeologists over long periods of time , has its own story to tell .
guidelines for central sector scheme of technology development extension and training
shovel mud before it solidifies .
Such products , shall , of course , find resonance across the world .
the award is given to the best apprentice- cash prize of rs 50 ,000 and a merit certificate and runner up apprentice- cash prize of rs 25000 and merit certificate in each trade , and the best establishment on all india basis- a trophy and certificate by president of india .
menstruation returns after 4 -6weeks if she is not breastfeeding , or several more months if she is breastfeeding
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the nation on the auspicious occasion of Diwali .
providing livelihood opportunities to those in need , including women and other vulnerable sections with focus on below poverty line households .
cyber laws of india
every pregnant woman and her family need to know that pregnancy and childbearing can have risks .
the `` cyber swachhta kendra '' ( botnet cleaning and malware analysis centre ) is being operated by indian computer emergency response team for analyzing malware characteristics and providing information and enabling citizens for removal of malware .
He said that his Government believes in combining Acts ( laws or initiatives ) with Action .
in addition she is eligible for incentives offered under various national health programmes .
0 .5 subcutaneously
possible complications
for success in phase-2 , which will also involve laying of optical fibre cable over electricity poles , the participation of states will be important .
The Nordic countries welcomed India’s application for membership of the Nuclear Suppliers’ Group and reaffirmed their commitment to work constructively within the Group with the aim of reaching a positive outcome at the earliest opportunity .
law on cheque bouncing
having a mobile phone number on your account is one of the easiest and most reliable ways to help keep your account safe .
select generate mpin .
there will be pairing of states at national level and these pairings will be in effect for one year , or till the next round of pairings .
place the issue of decline in districts in public discourse , improvement of which would be a indicator for good governance .
this effect would be further magnified if an earthquake affects a mega-city , such as delhi or mumbai .
update your antivirus , anti spyware products regularly and scan your computer at least twice a week after updating the products
a child with diarrhoea needs to continue eating regularly .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed a large and enthusiastic public meeting on the occasion of the commencement of work for the Rajasthan Refinery at Pachpadra , in Barmer , Rajasthan .
all faeces , including those of babies and young children , should be disposed of safely .
The Prime Minister said that a new Integrated Terminal Building is coming up at Veer Savarkar International Airport .
however , genetic factor can also lead to obesity .
You might recall , never before middle class was granted relief for construction of houses .
the bhopal gas tragedy was most devastating chemical accident in history , where over 2500 people died due to accidental release of toxic gas methyl iso cyanate .
disabled persons have been granted relaxation in upper age limit up to 10 years for appointment to the clerical and subordinate cadre posts .
the younger the mother is , the greater the risk to her and her baby .
urinary infection ,
why do we need to fight cybercrime  ?
When Rajani approached her father , expressing her wish to learn boxing , he encouraged her , arranging for whatever possible resources that he could .
The Prime Minister recalled the contribution of former Vice President and former Rajasthan Chief Minister , Shri Bhairon Singh Shekhawat , and said that he had worked towards modernising Rajasthan .
geothermal energy is heat stored in earth crust and being used for electric generation and also for direct heat application .
locked-in syndrome
these treatments are most effective when the antibiotics are injected .
He said that schemes such as PM AwaasYojana , UjjwalaYojana , Ayushman Bharat etc are symbolic of the spirit of SabkaSaath , SabkaVikas .
if , in place of 100mm ( 4  ” ) pipe , an 80mm ( 3  ” ) pipe is used , the loss due to friction for drawing the same quantity of water will be three times more , which will cause higher fuel consumption .
the participants are given a period of 50 days to complete each task .
Schemes such as Pradhan Mantri Matru Vandhana Yojana and Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyan is making Safe pregnancy a mass movement .
for the mother and/or child with complications , the skilled birth attendant will  :
breastfeeding the baby frequently causes production of more milk .
the scheme of pre-matric scholarship for the benefit of children belonging to weaker section amongst obcs has been formulated and this scholarship would be helpful in spreading education amongst such children especially amongst the girl child of weaker sections .
they are responsible to give information to a person who seeks information under the right to information act .
in case the employer does not submit the information on-line on the pradhan mantri rojgar protsahan yojana form by 10th of the following month , he will not be eligible for availing benefits under the pradhan mantri rojgar protsahan yojana scheme for that month .
time to time the bottom soil layer of the pond is removed and applied in the field for crop or vegetable farming which is rich in biomass .
physical activity  : regular exercises and physical activity strengthen your bones
Wherever officials have worked with people and involved them with the development process , the results are transformative .
general treatment
Vaccination efforts are progressing at a quick pace , helping women and children in particular .
The projects related to Namami Gange will help preserve the River Ganga , he said .
· 4th BRICS Sherpa/Sous-Sherpa Meeting – 20 to 24 July ( Johannesburg )
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Shri Ambareesh .
in order to effectively address the health concerns of the urban poor population ,
for risks of localised calamities and post-harvest losses on account of defined peril , the unit of insurance for loss assessment shall be the affected insured field of the individual farmer .
Construction of new AIIMS is fully funded by the Central Government .
from the academic year 1980-81 , however , studies in two professional courses are allowed .
nuclear energy can be produced either by the fusion ( combining atoms ) or fission ( splitting of atoms ) process .
Development of Sultanpur Lodhi :
scientists have also suggested that external or internal toxins may selectively destroy the dopaminergic neurons .
they are  :
an adarsh gram should evolve out of people ’ s shared vision , using their capacities and available resources to the best extent possible , duly facilitated by the gram panchayat , civil society and the government machinery .
check your eligibility for scholarships
national policy on disaster management
he asked jagdish to marry him and took the initiative of applying sindoor and bindi and said `` you are my wife '' .
check with the hotel or campground operators for tsunami evacuation information and find out what the warning system is for tsunamis .
modifications in the gold monetisation scheme
“Spoke to Karnataka CM Shri H D Kumaraswamy Ji regarding the flood situation in parts of the state .
Prime Minister returns to New Delhi after the day long visit to the three NE States .
sansad adarsh gram yojana is a village development project launched by government of india in october 2014 , under which each member of parliament will take the responsibility of developing physical and institutional infrastructure in three villages by 2019 .
the sick person should stay at home , and avoid going into the community , school/office , public places for at least 24 hours after symptoms have resolved .
it is enforceable by the courts and the state is under a duty to provide legal aid and legal assistance to a poor and needy person at its own expense .
University of Ladakh will be launched by the Prime Minister .
they are further divided into the following categories according to their capacity to cause damage  : -
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the Border Security Force ( BSF ) personnel and their families on BSF Raising Day .
scheme for award of financial assistance for education ( scholarship ) to the children of cine workers
Also 809 fishermen along with 68 boats ( 66 boats from Kerala and 2 from Tamil Nadu ) safely reached Devgarh port in Sindhudurg , Maharashtra .
Progress in household electrification under the SAUBHAGYA initiative , was reviewed .
I also urge them , to spend 100 hours every year , with 100 students of Classes 10 , 11 and 12 discussing various aspects of science and technology .
He laid foundation stone for North East Gas Grid .
various kinds of harassment can and does occur in cyberspace , or through the use of cyberspace .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today inaugurated the Bahadurgarh-Mundka Metro Line via video conference .
children and pregnant women exposed to smoke from tobacco or cooking fires are particularly at risk of pneumonia or other breathing illnesses .
The Prime Minister said , “More glory thanks to our weightlifters .
He said the State of Jammu and Kashmir is going to get development projects worth Rs . 25 ,000 crore .
actual subject to a maximum ceiling of rs .3 ,000 p .a .
does not involve setting up of large dams or problems of deforestation , submergence or rehabilitation .
training in credit usage , credit management and basic accounting practices .
Total Government of India share over a period of three years would be Rs . 2849 .54 crore .
The Prime Minister praised Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje for her commitment towards the benefit and progress of Rajasthan .
by a law of parliament or a state legislature
the scholarship is dependent on the satisfactory progress and conduct of the scholars .
if you get distracted by passing thoughts , avoid delving into them .
cardiovascular disease is the most common cause of death in people with diabetes .
deep litter housing is well suited for high rainfall and high altitude area .
severe fasting may lead to health hazards .
wards of personnel disabled in action
the girl students in the age group of 14-18 yrs . studying in classes ix and xii belonging to minority communities and educationally backward families .
average calcium content of various foods
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today participated in the Swachhata Hi Seva movement by performing Shramdaan at a school in Delhi .
allow the eyelids to close and open several times to ensure that no chemical is tucked away in the folds of the lids .
to bolster the startup ecosystem in india , the government is proposing to introduce startup fests at national and international stages .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and his Nepalese counterpart Mr . Sher Bahadur Deuba have agreed to have a detailed project report prepared at the earliest on the Saptkosi high dam project and Sunkosi storage cum diversion scheme , Both the nations have also agreed to enhance the co-ordination in the areas of water logging and flood control .
carotid artery inflammation
gram panchayat acting as an information facilitation centre
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratification of the Bilateral Investment Treaty ( BIT ) between the India and Belarus on Investments .
filter evasion
go indoors . stay inside .
We are entering an era of energy abundance .
motivational sessions ( 1 hr . duration each ) shall be conducted once every two weeks .
treatment - there is no specific treatment .
note 2  : the disability as defined under the said act has to be certified by competent medical authority of the state govt . administration .
fake calls pretending to be from the bank , to steal your card or pin number .
if the victim stops breathing , check to see that the airway is open and begin rescue
Thereafter , Minister for Electronics and Information Technology ( ME&IT ) had a meeting ( on February 7 , 2017 in New Delhi ) with the delegation led by H .E . Mr . Alexander De Croo , Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Development Cooperation , Digital Agenda , Telecom and Postal Services of Belgium on areas of mutual interest .
providing information on protecting and promoting industrial policy and promotion to start-ups in other countries on pro bono basis  ;
particular attention needs to be paid to the hazardous operations and of employees in risk prone conditions such as migrant employees and various vulnerable groups of employees arising out of greater mobility workforce with more people working for a number of employers , either consecutively or simultaneously .
the pregnant woman ’ s diet should provide for the needs of the growing foetus maintenance of the mother ’ s health , physical strength required during labour and successful lactation .
In a series of tweets from his account , the Prime Minister said :
for organizations / service providers  :
compactness and reasonable size of the area  ;
The Prime Minister noted that India now ranks second , globally , in the manufacture of mobile phones , with the number of mobile phone manufacturing factories rising from just 2 , to 120 , in about four years’ time .
The Prime Minister said that Chief Ministers of States had played a key role in policy formulation , through sub-groups and committees on issues such as Swachh Bharat Mission , Digital Transactions , and Skill Development .
beneficiaries
The Prime Minister said that for the States that are a part of PMJAY , people can get the benefit of the scheme in whichever of these States they go to .
seed inspectors alone can take samples for checking the seed quality .
My Government believes in competitive and cooperative federalism , where there is healthy competition between States .
( ix ) Central Government shall have the power to remove the Presiding Officer or any member of the Adjudicatory Board from the office following the prescribed manner .
preliminary details such as student name , domicile state , fresh/renewal , father/mothers/guardian name , date of birth , caste , community , aadhaar number ( if available ) , email , phone number number/student esign are required for filling the application .
integrated child development scheme is a centrally sponsored scheme implemented by state governments and union territories .
prop or hold the baby in a secure position so she or he can see what is happening nearby
The Prime Minister said that because of digital infrastructure , the format of engagement between citizens and Government is changing .
it will bridge the gap between the government and the common man and will enhance the opportunity of a common man to meet government officials .
best practices related to the domain of education aggregated from various stakeholders are made available in this section .
most social media platforms like facebook , twitter and instagram allow you to report pictures .
while recovering , she or he needs to be offered more food than usual to replenish the energy and nourishment lost due to the illness .
it has been popularly practice in tibet , magnolia , bhutan , some parts of china , nepal , himalayan regions of india and few parts of former soviet union etc .
thesis typing /printing charges
the revised integrated housing scheme , 2016 has been launched for workers .
although rare , stroke and atherosclerosis ( hardening of the arteries ) can cause symptoms similar to parkinson 's disease .
on-line submission of claims .
care during labour and child birth  ;
whenever possible , wear gloves to protect yourself from blood and other bodily fluids .
the bank will send out short message service alerts when you get bank in account or you transact on your account .
during janani suraksha yojana , 108 /102 /state owned ambulances/private empanelled ambulances can also be used for referring those cases identified as high risk .
the chemical observation for compost maturity is to be analysed in the laboratory .
the baby should breastfeed on demand , day and night , at least eight times during a 24-hour period .
most of the glucose stays in the bloodstream .
Only through conversations , counselling and continued love and support , we can bring those under addiction to the path of rehabilitation , PM added .
parents and other caregivers need to be aware of the detrimental effects of second-hand smoke and take responsibility to refrain from smoking around children .
vii . The State Council will undertake recognition of allied and healthcare institutions .
The Prime Minister said cyber security issues should be dealt with immediately , and should receive highest priority .
to prevent further injury
once a system has been compromised ( by one of the above methods , or in some other way ) , there is possibility of one or more backdoors may be installed , in order .
e .g . cyber terrorism , violations , credit card frauds , eft frauds , pornography etc .
boundary wall
this highlights that more than 15 crore rural households ( @ 94 % of 16 .85 crore households ) do not have computers and a significant number of these households are likely to be digitally illiterate .
The Prime Minister will return to Delhi on the evening of 8th October .
this is likely to increase the number of licensed refiners .
In August , 2017 , India received a total FDI of 9 .64 billion US dollars , which is the highest ever FDI received in any month .
study tours of farmers
One ton of such waste has the potential to provide around 20% of drop in fuels .
young adolescents do not yet have a fully developed pelvis .
Mr . Modi said that International Institutions like the World Bank , IMF and Moody’s have shown confidence on India’s economy and the reforms taken in recent times .
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has an integrated approach towards finding solutions .
officials from revenue department , public works department , fire service , electricity board , health and education department , a reputed committee shall be members .
5 kg . domestic indane cylinder ( for whole country )
The Prime Minister will then proceed to Pune .
to ensure equitable geographical reach ,
He described the Prime Minister’s Award as a step towards motivating civil servants , and congratulated the awardees .
The cost of the Project is Rs . 1125 crore .
signs of labor and danger signs of obstetric complications .
look for an emergency medical identification card to find out if the victim is allergic to medicines or has any serious health problems that require special care .
ShrimanGurbachan Singh ji’s family has presented one such example before us .
This event is in keeping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s vision of Transforming India by 2022 .
some fruits also contain simple sugars in excess , like banana , mango , sapota , seethaphal , jack fruit and it is preferable to take less quantity of these fruits or avoid them .
transfer of the piped natural gas connection within family ( i .e . father , mother , son , daughter , brother , sister ) is permitted .
initially , the main thrust for development was laid on agriculture , industry , communication , education , health and allied sectors .
a successful authentication generates the digital life certificate which gets stored in the life certificate repository .
adhesive tape
He said that today , we have increased our power connectivity , and started two projects to increase our railway connectivity .
it should be either recognized by the state administration under existing scheme/law or should be well known with the experience of working in the field for at least 3 years and its work should be reported to be satisfactory by the state government/union territory administration concerned ,
Protocol amending the Agreement between the Ministry of Agriculture & Farmer’s Welfare of the Republic of India and the Ministry of Agriculture and Food of the Republic of Belarus signed on April 16 , 2007
annual lighting emission reduction of 67 kg is equivalent to 6 additional trees
open areas including corridors and evacuation routes including staircases and ramps should be kept free from any hurdles and barriers so that evacuation is smooth and swift .
messages for parents on emotional well-being of adolescents
there are no reliable signs other than the effects on egg production and egg quality .
14 .2 kg cylinder ( for north eastern states )
the commission includes one chief information commissioner and not more than 10 information commissioners who are appointed by the president of india .
pain / burning while urinating
withdrawal
it will be made available once in a cycle of 3 years , which will indicate the status of soil health of a farmer ’ s holding for that particular period .
participatory identification of poor
you can file the complaint in the place where the money was lost , or where the opposite party ( that is , the bank ) carries on their business .
PM said , “Best wishes to the people of Maharashtra on their Statehood Day .
enter the numbers in a secret manner .
the signs and symptoms are as follows  :
factory on wheels .
the various schemes which are presently available for assisting the woman with transportation facilities should be kept in mind .
thus , the employer can avail of employees ' provident fund organisation benefits for a new eligible employees .
may use a made up name or nickname on their profile .
availability of accredited social health activists
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi today handed over the “Chaadar ” to be offered at Dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti , Ajmer Sharif , to the Minister of Minority Affairs , Shri Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi .
the disability as per the persons with disabilities ( equal opportunities , protection of rights and full participation ) act ,1995 is defined as blindness , low-vision , leprosy-cured , hearing impairment , locomotor disability , mental retardation and mental illness .
the modes of pension payment are monthly , quarterly , half-yearly & yearly .
We sealed a strategic partnership 22 years ago through the Red Fort Declaration .
there are further classifications of `` young-old '' for persons who may have just turned 60 and old-old for those in the age-group of those aged 75 years and beyond ( hutchinson ) .
vitamin supplementation , particularly in areas deficient in vitamin , is an important measure to reduce the risk of diarrhoea .
participate in events and job fairs
Following is the text of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Japan .
post-natal care for the mother and child reduces the risk of complications and supports mothers and fathers or other caregivers to help their new baby get a healthy start in life .
redemption is possible in physical gold or rupees hence giving your gold purchase further earning opportunity .
The Prime Minister shall also address the gathering at Dahej , after completion of the voyage .
a .m .hoskot v . state of maharashtra alr 1978 sc 1548
an irregular account where minimum amount as specified in sub-rule ( 1 ) has not been deposited may be regularised on payment of a penalty of fifty rupees per year along with the said minimum specified subscription for the year ( s ) of default any time till the account completes fourteen years .
MoU for Cooperation on Broadcasting between Prasar Bharati , New Delhi , India and Saudi Broadcasting Corporation ( SBC ) , Saudi Arabia for Exchange of Audio Visual Programme .
percentage enrollment of girls in secondary schools .
tetanus causes rigid muscles and painful muscle spasms and can be deadly .
the number will consequently form the basic , universal identity infrastructure over which registrars and agencies across the country can build their identity-based applications .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Ms . Mirabai Chanu on winning gold at the World Weightlifting Championship .
this number will serve as a proof of identity and address , anywhere in india .
It will set up Defence Innovation Hubs throughout the country to provide necessary incubation and infrastructure support to the start-ups in defence area .
ederna ( swelling ) and syncope ( fainting ) generally accompanied by fever below 39oc ie 102of .
since then food composition tables has been constantly updating the compositional database of indian foods .
Ambassador Haley conveyed greetings from President Trump .
india is highly vulnerable to floods .
court directed that respondents shall provide rent for separate residence as maintenance to the aggrieved person
vaccination schedule for duck
Mr . Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore , MOS ( IC )/I&B and Youth Affairs & Sports
rewarming of frostbite
to locate a jeevan pramaan centre , click here .
when the population covered increases to more than 2500 another accredited social health activist can be engaged .
however , if fowl pox is endemic in the area , vaccination is recommended .
package 2  : pre-conception and antenatal care
the scholarships will be open to india nationals belonging to obcs as notified by the central govt ./state govt . admn .
The AIIMS in Tamil Nadu was announced in the Budget Speech of Finance Minister in 2015-16 and Ministry of Finance conveyed its in-principle approval for establishment of AIIMS in Telangana in April , 2018 .
in case someone forgets the bank , he needs to re-generate new bank
The Prime Minister recalled that when former Prime Minister Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee wanted to include Shri Venkaiah Naidu in his Cabinet , then Venkaiahji had requested for the Rural Development portfolio .
first aid is the provision of initial care for an illness or injury .
so that the pension amount becomes rs . 1 ,000 per month , failing which the entire pension wealth would be subject to annuitisation .
railway through its sub urban railway network shall provide incentive by way of discount upto 0 .5 % to customers for monthly or seasonal tickets from january 1 , 2017 , if payment is made through digital means .
it is an online marketing platform for women , where participants can display their products .
uttar pradesh – 1194
Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana provides financial protection upto Rupees 5 lakh per family per year to over 10 crore needy families in case of hospitalization .
consequently the capacity of the natural drains has decreased , resulting in flooding .
In the course of over one hour , the Prime Minister interacted with a number of people , and was briefed on several development initiatives at the development hub .
all post-matriculation level non-degree courses for which entrance qualification is high school ( class x ) , e .g . senior secondary certificate ( class xi and xii )  ; both general and vocational stream , courses , 3 year diploma courses in polytechnics , etc .
calcium  :
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished all the participants of the Khelo India Youth Games which are beginning in Pune today .
if the scholar changes the subject of the course of study for which scholarship was originally awarded or changes the institution of study without the prior approval of the welfare commissioner .
the code of bank ’ s commitment to customers enacted by the banking codes and standards board of india mandates each bank branch to display the name of the official at the bank branch responsible for addressing customer grievances .
digital india land record modernisation programme
supply of essential commodities under targeted public distribution system .
acknowledge and encourage positive behaviour and set clear limits
Besides , the Government has reduced oil import by 10% and saved precious Foreign Exchange .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Russia on Bilateral Cooperation in the Road Transport and Road Industry .
in making such regulations , the governor may repeal or amend any act of parliament or of legislature of the state or any existing law after obtaining assent of the president .
in case of annual commercial and horticultural crops , the premium to be paid by farmers will be only 5 % .
an income declaration by the self-employed parents/guardians , stating definite income from all sources by way of an affidavit on non-judicial stamp paper .
Cultural Exchange Programme between the Government of the Republic of India And the Government of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar for the year 2017-2020
it is the duty of parents , other caregivers and family members , communities , civil society and governments to ensure that these rights are respected , protected and fulfilled .
He said that the priority programmes such as Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana , Deendayal Upadhyay Kaushalya Yojana , Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana , and Digital Payments , for which awards have been given , are important programmes for New India .
threats to point of sale systems
three to four meals a day from 9 months and beyond )
Nearly 200 million Ru-pay cards were issued for easy cash-less transactions .
all the places of public utility shall be made barrier- free by providing the ramps .
special channels to reach out to adolescent girls and pregnant adolescents need to be developed to provide them with the support which may include counselling , contraceptives , and prenatal and post-natal services .
to clear the backlog of vacancies of persons with disabilities , special recruitment drives are undertaken by various departments from time to time .
field standards include the selection of site , isolation requirements , spacing , planting ratio , border rows etc .
this acknowledgement may be printed and kept for future reference .
integrated fish cum pig farming
education programmes are executed in most states with little synergy or policy linkages with the sarva shiksha abhiyan .
perineal pads should be changed more frequently if there is heavy lochia or for every 4 -6hours .
credit guarantee fund for startups
format of the recommendation letter from any incubator recognized by government of india
after enrolment , quality checks are done by the enrolment centre supervisors , followed by correction process ( where required ) and data packet consolidation .
change your internet banking password on a regular basis .
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Gujarat on the occasion of the Gujarati New Year .
mature birds also have respiratory distress , reduced feed consumption , and may have a bluish and dark colour of the skin ( cyanosis ) .
a funnelling effect
the potential harm of such a crime to humanity can hardly be overstated .
the nursery and elementary schools should be housed in single storied buildings and the maximum number of floors in school buildings shall be restricted to three including the ground floor .
Mr . Justice Chandramauli Kumar Prasad , Chairman , Press Council of India
information which would impede the process of investigation or apprehension or prosecution of offenders
PM addressed a public gathering after launching the projects .
The Prime Minister said FICCI has a key role to play in sectors such as food processing , start-ups , artificial intelligence , solar power , healthcare etc .
avoid high - protein food and do not eat stale food .
identity card with applicant‟s photograph issued by central/state government departments , statutory/regulatory authorities , public sector undertakings , scheduled commercial banks and public financial institutions  ;
excessive nausea and vomiting
ensure good suckling while breastfeeding
if you are caught doing this more than once , the jail time could ranges between one and three years along with a fine between rupees 100 ,000 and rupees 200 ,000 .
a thin layer of well decomposed compost is sprinkled over top and the heap given a turning and reformed .
the registered job seekers can check their status on the job waiting-list online .
national hydrogen energy road map formed the basis for implementation of hydrogen energy progamme in the country from 2006 - 07 onwards .
To promote electronic manufacturing in India , Government has started the Electronic Manufacturing Cluster ( EMC ) scheme , through which 23 EMCs are being opened in 15 states .
*The expression author shall have the same meaning as assigned to it in the clause ( d ) of section 2 of the Copyright act of 1957 .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has given its ex-post facto approval on the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Republic of Korea on Startup Cooperation .
while selecting the site for pig farm , it must be near to town/city to avoid transportation cost of feed or other requirements and to avail marketing facilities .
`` national plan '' means the plan for disaster management for the whole of the country prepared under section 11  ;
Myanmar thanked India for the extended period of support to the Myanmar Institute of Information Technology and the India-Myanmar Centre for Enhancement of IT Skills .
the consumer forum is present at the district , state and national levels .
the pension disbursing agencies can access the certificate on-line .
Paying homage to Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore , the two leaders signed the visitors’ book .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Andaman & Nicobar Islands on 29th-30th December 2018 .
wherever malaria is present , children are in danger .
a victim can have no initial significant symptoms , and then suddenly develop breathing difficulty and go into shock .
The MoU will strengthen the existing relationship between UPSC and Public Service Commission of Mauritius .
national rural livelihoods project would be implemented in 13 high poverty states accounting for about 90 percent of the rural poor in the country .
seamless in - app payment within the same mobile of the user .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of former Chief Justice of India , Justice AS Anand .
The delegation expressed its strong support of the Prime Minister’s vision for making India a five trillion dollar economy in the near future .
do not allow water to stagnate .
bring about institutional changes in watershed and rainfed agricultural management practices in india
both you and your doctor can be punished with jail time of up to seven years and fine unless it was done in good faith to save your life .
name different in aadhaar vis-à-vis service delivery database  ?
enter mobile pin and last 4 digits of account number ( optional ) .
prior to the issuance of a license for the operation of a nuclear facility , the nuclear power plants ensures that the facility has the emergency response manuals for the three main types of emergencies , viz . , plant , on-site and off-site , and that the plans are in place to handle these types of emergencies .
The Prime Minister called upon Governors to strengthen the “Ek Bharat , Shrestha Bharat ” initiative , which promotes partnerships , cultural exchanges and people to people linkages among States .
the scheme primarily ensures equitable share to a girl child in resources and savings of a family in which she is generally discriminated as against a male child .
information technology for jobs
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for establishment of new AIIMS in Bilaspur ( Himachal Pradesh ) under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana ( PMSSY ) .
The Prime Minister firmly said that those who believe in MaaUmiya can never support female foeticide .
Government of Madhya Pradesh has allocated 5 acres of land in Bhopal for setting up of this Institute .
introduction of sowa-rigpa
PM laid foundation stone of the project aimed at reducing pollution of Rivers Devika & Tawi under the National River Conservation Plan ( NRCP ) .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today inaugurated a new metro link between Noida and Delhi .
in india , gender based violence has many manifestations  ; from the more universally prevalent forms of domestic and sexual violence including rape , to harmful practices such as , dowry , honour killings , acid attacks , witch - hunting , sexual harassment , child sexual abuse , trafficking for commercial sexual exploitation , child marriage , sex selective abortion , sati etc .
training of cluster members on organic farming ( 3 trainings @ rs . 20000 per training )
there is currently no treatment to cure parkinson 's disease , but medications , surgery and multidisciplinary management can provide relief from the symptoms , although none yet that actually reverse the effects of the disease .
housing is one of the basic requirements for human survival .
ddu-gky funds a variety of skill training programs covering over 250 trades across a range of sectors such as retail , hospitality , health , construction , automotive , leather , electrical , plumbing , gems and jewelry , to name a few .
exclusions categories of applicants not eligible under prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme
social forestry
card number
background
alcohol  :
limit television watching and ensure that violent shows are not viewed
vitamin is required for proper absorption of calcium from food .
establish early warning system and inter-agency coordination to alert residents on predicted high and extreme temperatures .
PM will inaugurate the upgraded Tezu Airport in Arunachal Pradesh .
esign based on one time passwordlevel authentication is suitable where risks and consequences of data compromise are low but they are not considered to be of major significance .
important dates
this act came into force in december 2013 .
schools can be a safe haven for children that help them slowly move back to normalcy .
make sure that each family member has identity card .
safe browsing means being aware of these online threats and taking the necessary precautions to avoid them .
electric shock and drowning
there is no subsidy for the loan given under pradhan mantri mudra yojana .
about 56 ,000 women in india die every year due to pregnancy related complications .
special schools
Resolution of Public Grievances has also been reviewed across a range of sectors .
What greater heights , and what greater success can a man achieve , the Prime Minister remarked .
5 . harvesting and valuation of rainfall water and resilience and adaptation to climate
the cases of all recommended candidates will be placed before minister in charge of ministry of culture for approval .
bamboo
nerve damage in these areas is called peripheral neuropathy , and can lead to pain , tingling , and loss of feeling .
The Prime Minister said that the need for the Global Housing Technology Challenge , was felt in the light of rapid urbanization in India .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of Professor Stephen Hawking .
enter the amount you want to request
Land measuring 468 .08 acres of the other merged Presses will be given to Land & Development Office , Ministry of Urban Development .
loan amount
however , unlike in a deep sleep , the person can not be awakened by any stimulation , including pain .
“On the special occasion of their Statehood Day , greetings to the people of Meghalaya .
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister said that the projects being unveiled at various events today , would go a long way in making Poorvanchal a medical hub , and a centre for research in agriculture .
early warning , maps , satellite inputs , information dissemination
Inclusion of Monpa , Memba , Sartang , Sajolong ( Miji ) in serial No . 9 in lieu of ‘Momba’ .
the thrust of the mission is on establishing a fully functional , community owned , decentralized health delivery system with inter-sectoral convergence at all levels , to ensure simultaneous action on a wide range of determinants of health such as water , sanitation , education , nutrition , social and gender equality .
pradhan mantri rojgar protsahan yojana
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine infrastructure projects in the railway , road , power , coal and gas pipeline sectors , spread over several states including Telangana , Karnataka , West Bengal , Manipur , Mizoram , Kerala , Tamil Nadu , Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand and Delhi .
health-care providers have a responsibility to provide parents and other caregivers with this information on the health risks for a child with pneumonia and the preventive steps and treatments to take .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today flagged off a train between Manduadih Railway Station in Varanasi , and Patna .
the abuse of computers has also given birth to a gamut of new age crimes that are addressed by the information technology act , 2000 .
Prime Minister of India , Shri Narendra Modi will interact through Video Conference with beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Bhartiya Janaushadhi Pariyojna ( PMBJP ) & affordable Cardiac Stents and Knee Implants on 7th June at 0930 hrs .
In this plan , under the “BIMSTEC Trans-Power Exchange and Development Project ” , it was decided that a Task Force led by Thailand , with representatives of member countries , will give a report on draft MoU for grid interconnections .
development of assistive devices .
Noting that New India requires new and smart infrastructure , the Prime Minister said that the Union Government is working on roads , railways , highways , airways , waterways and i-ways .
only one aadhaar card per family is enough
“A warm welcome and best wishes to all teams taking part in the FIFA U-17 World Cup .
Both leaders reaffirmed the strength and closeness of the multifaceted strategic partnership between India and Afghanistan .
custom hiring centre charges
His Excellency Mr . Shinzo Abe , Prime Minister of Japan ;
population
to report a fire
any other related to banking services
shoes
prompt response to any threatening disaster situation or disaster  ;
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) and Certified Professional Accountants Afghanistan ( CPA Afghanistan ) .
it is an information & communication technology based patient satisfaction system for implementation in public and empanelled private hospitals .
preparing spray solution
these two tests are very non-specific , that is , they may be abnormal with any infection or inflammation , and abnormalities do not point to a specific diagnosis of the cause of the infection or inflammation .
Events related to sanitation and renewable energy shall be the focus of the Prime Minister’s engagements on Gandhi Jayanti .
people about 12 % of the population will experience a migraine headache .
The Prime Minister conveyed his heartfelt condolences for the victims of the recent terrorist attack in Strasbourg in France , and said that India stands with France in the fight against terrorism .
community based disaster management , including last mile integration of the policy , plans and execution .
He said that this is not only a pipeline project but a lifeline to this drought prone region .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the Nation on the occasion of Dhanteras .
captive employment  : those organizations that take up skill training to meet internal ongoing needs
investors have to pay the issue price in cash and the bonds will be redeemed in cash on maturity .
He added that an effort is being made to make the eastern part of the country , a new corridor of development .
Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of 1640 m span double lane bridge over River Chenab at Sajwal .
The estimated cost of the project is Rs .25 ,700 crores .
make sure the child is fully immunized
what to do after a tsunami
preparedness to deal with any disaster  ;
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and self-confidence .
these are cells that are responsible for the formation of new bones
housing is required for the animals to protect them from rain , wind , storm , and sunlight , cold and extreme climate .
it can provoke seizures and can interfere with the effectiveness of seizure medications .
floods have also occurred in areas , which were earlier not considered flood prone .
childline works for the protection of the rights of all children in general .
So , in the initial thousand days , efforts are being made for developing a strong mechanism to secure the future of the country .
because so many people suffer from headaches and because treatment sometimes is difficult ,
gas accumulation rates are slower than rates of use but for areas reliant on wood as a fuel for cooking biogas provides an excellent alternative .
cut your arm with a razor along your veins , but not too deep , only 3 cuts , send a photo to the curator .
delays , non-credit of proceeds to parties accounts , non-payment of deposit or non-observance of the reserve bank directives , if any , applicable to rate of interest on deposits in any savings , current or other account maintained with a bank
when insufficient blood is delivered to the kidneys , the kidneys fail to eliminate wastes from the body , for example , urea and creatinine , and an increase in their levels in the blood occur .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding between Ministry of Railways , Government of India and the Federal Department of the Environment , Transport , Energy and Communications of Swiss Confederation on Technical Cooperation in Rail Sector .
the one stop centre scheme will provide temporary shelter facility to aggrieved women .
birth certificate issued by a municipal authority or district office of the registrar of births & deaths or baptism certificate  ; or
revised scheme guidelines
this form of patchy hair loss happens when certain types of fungi infect the scalp .
marriage certificate of the couple ( registrar of marriages/appropriate govt . officer/delegated authorities )
this gives an idea about the genuinity of lot and sample .
it imposed certain time bound commitments by the local authorities ( municipal bodies , cantonment boards and railway authorities ) .
locomotor disability
if the child has any of these signs , help from a trained health worker is needed urgently .
organizing and administering health insurance , especially in rural areas , is also difficult .
body temperatures of 40oc ie . 104of or more along with delirium , seizures or coma .
cyclones that develop in the regions between the tropics of capricorn and cancer are called tropical cyclones .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said that tourism is the hallmark of Kerala’s economic development and a principal contributor to the State’s economy .
‘ anubhav ’ is an online initiative that enables submission and display of commendable work done by retiring employees .
funds are made available only for activities essential for the survival , protection and development of primitive vulnerable tribal groups and not already funded by any other scheme of the central/state governments .
Defence and Cyber Security
Explaining how the NDA Government has been working hard to ensure ease of living for all , he said the price rise has been checked as compared to the previous Governments .
the national career service portal helps a placement organisation to search for jobseeker matching their requirements and hire them .
both have the same capacity for learning .
this will force the tongue forward and away from the back of the throat , so clearing the airway .
system will get personal details of the patient using online registration system data from unique identification authority of india
it is always advisable to use separate shoe while working in the pig sties .
borrowers , who wish to avail assistance under pradhan mantri mudra yojana , can approach the local branch of any of the financial institutions in their region -
deworming in children
knives , chopping boards and surfaces should always be cleaned with soap and water after preparing raw food .
difficulties making and keeping friends and participating in group activities
the workers engaged in beedi/iron ore mines , manganese ore & chrome ore mines /limestone ore mines , dolomite ore mines /mica mines and cine industries , registered with the labour welfare organisation for atleast one year .
small superficial burns should be carefully patted dry once pain has stopped , and then covered with a dressing .
· Meeting of BRICS Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors
spirometry  : a test that measures lung function .
I would like to share a couple of personal experiences with you … who knows how soon these will reach our families ; who knows when social media will circulate them to usher in a revolution! .
produce marketing loan
each application should be accompanied with the requisite application fee .
jute seeds
a heat wave is a period of abnormally high temperatures , more than the normal maximum temperature that occurs during the summer season in the north-western parts of india .
Every digital payment saves time .
students from families , having the lowest income shall be given preference in the ascending order .
person will be deemed to belong to the unorganised sector if that person is not in regular employment of the central or a state government , or an autonomous body/ public sector undertaking of the central or state government having employer assisted retirement benefit scheme , are not covered by a social security scheme under any of the following laws  :
He received feedback from PMAY beneficiaries , via video link , from different cities of Uttar Pradesh .
scholarship holders who are receiving coaching in any of the pre-examination training centres with financial assistance from the central government/ state government will not be eligible for stipend under the coaching schemes for the duration of the coaching programme .
feeding of grass carp
It means it will provide coverage to 45-50 crore people .
check for damage to sewage and water lines .
a multi-channel approach will be used to collect patients ’ feedback i .e . web portal , mobile application , short message service interactive voice response system
any electrical items such as loose wires that may cause an exigency should be addressed promptly by the school .
He said that ‘Design in India’ is essential along with ‘Make in India’ .
The Commission submitted its Report on 15th December , 2014 .
The Prime Minister said that Pakyong Airport would greatly ease connectivity to Sikkim .
Speaking on the occasion , Prime Minister saluted the courage and sacrifice of policemen who laid down their lives for the service of the nation .
if floodwaters rise around your car , abandon the car and move to higher ground if you can do so safely .
every pregnancy deserves attention because there is always a risk of something going wrong with the mother , baby or both .
especially in children , the disease can worsen rapidly , causing coma and death .
all youth and adults of the village should have adequate employment and means of livelihood , and there should be adequate arrangements for development of skills among them , so that as many of them as possible are in skilled employment .
there are 44 mission mode projects under e-kranti , which are at various stages of implementation .
eat together
it will reduce drudgery and the time spent on cooking .
a virus can only spread from one computer to another ( in some form of executable code ) when its host is taken to the target computer  ; for instance because a user sent it over a network or the internet , or carried it on a removable medium such as a floppy disk , drive .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , on Thursday reviewed progress of key infrastructure sectors of roads , PMGSY , rural housing , urban housing , railways , airports and ports .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted Gujaratis across the world , on the beginning of New Year .
the applicant must have passed the last qualifying examination in first attempt .
The Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation in association with the Govt . of Haryana is organizing the Swachh Shakti-2019 .
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 2493
6th International Rice Research Institute to be dedicated to the nation at Varanasi
occupations / vocations covered
below poverty line pregnant women , who prefer to deliver at home , are entitled to a cash assistance of rs . 500 per delivery regardless of the age of pregnant women and number of children .
yearly
Speaking about the progress of the Ayushman Bharat scheme , the Prime Minister said that the first beneficiary of the health assurance scheme was from this State .
“Saddened by the demise of Captain Jai Narain Prasad Nishad Ji .
primary headaches can affect the quality of life .
never handle stray animals or animals that appear sick .
venue of the suryamitra skill development programme
reporting incidents to `` cyber swachhta kendra ''
this leads to a gradual decrease in physical and mental capacity , a growing risk of disease , and ultimately , death .
remove clothing .
where either party is an idiot or lunatic ,
digitally illiterate school students from class 9th to 12th , provided facility of computer/information & communication technology training is not available in their schools
state government and implementing agencies should encourage formation of associations of beneficiaries under the scheme like resident welfare association etc . to take care of maintenance of houses being built under the mission .
annual incubator grand challenge
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between National Institute for Transforming India ( NITI ) Aayog , and Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation ( MEDRF ) in the field of social , economic , industrial and regional development programs .
watch out for elder abuse - it is more common than you think
contact the liaison officer of your state
Along with this , they are undergoing a training course in skill development .
He added that about 28 lakh youth have been trained in skill development through 600 Rural Self-Employment Training Institute and around 19 lakh have been employed .
It will function under the name of Centre for Disability Sports , Gwalior .
ground nut - 96 %
He also interacted with people from nearby areas who had gathered to greet him on Diwali .
My visit closely follows the State Visit of Prime Minister Oli to India last month .
this is a new centrally sponsored scheme launched in 2008-09 and is being implemented from 2009-10 to set up a 100-bedded girls ’ hostel in each of 3479 educationally backward blocks in the country .
keep knives , cooking utensils , pots and plates clean and covered
the employees ' provident fund organisation scheme is targeted for employees earning wages less than rs 15 ,000/- per month .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the trade cooperation framework between India and Rwanda .
bronchitis , new castle , infectious bursal ( typical brand name combo vec . 30 )
and inadequate sanitation in public places including hospitals , health centres and schools .
heavy or binge drinking .
energy saving tips for pumpsets
“Anguished by the fire in Mumbai .
bank account
Interacting informally with the Prime Minister , they shared their vision of a prosperous , corruption-free India .
later a separate department of wastelands development in the ministry of rural development and poverty alleviation was created in 1992 and the national wastelands development board was transferred to it .
ugc has formulated this scheme under which 300 scholars would be provided junior research fellowship @ rs . 8 ,000/ -- 10 ,000/- per month , and will be implemented from academic year 2014-15 .
if you find out that child sexual abuse is taking place , you must report it to the police , and they will make a written record of your complaint .
these assistance and development will not only handle the disbursement of such loans needed by women but would also provide them adequate counseling , training and assistance in developing markets .
the water breaks
It will be the second visit of the Prime Minister to Gujarat this month .
food composition tables are data repository for the content of nutritionally relevant chemical constituents and energy values of foods .
advise and support the mother on how to continue breastfeeding the baby
Mentioning the benefits of the GST , the Prime Minister said that besides economic integration of the country , and transparency in the system ; more than 17 lakh new traders have been brought into the indirect tax system within two months .
wards admitted in 2nd year of technical/professional bachelor degree course through lateral entry after completion of diploma courses are eligible for graduation .
package 1  : care during labour and child birth
the third category of cybercrimes relate to cybercrimes against government .
The corridors will have Multimodal Integration with Railway Station & BRTS Stations and feeder network of Bus , Intermediate Public Transport ( IPT ) and Non Motorised Transport ( NMT ) .
structural mitigation measures , as envisaged in the guidelines , gives a brief guidance on design and construction of new structures as well as strategies for protecting lifeline and priority structures from tsunamis along the seafront .
The Emir of Qatar Sheikh Tamim bin Ahmad bin Khalifa Al Thani called the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today over telephone .
He also mentioned the Ayushman Bharat scheme and the National Nutrition Mission .
rolling-out of mobile app and portal
there is no age limit for the husband but younger is better .
treatment - none
PM will then open new tourist and trekking routes in Ladakh .
world diabetes day
treatment - there is no cure for infected birds .
if you 're in a moving vehicle , stop as quickly as possible and do not park under trees or buildings .
I am happy to inaugurate the hundred and sixth session of the Indian Science Congress .
what are the main offences under this act  ?
The Prime Minister said that the Government is modernising the marine security apparatus .
“Remembering Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya on his Jayanti .
to enable them to regain their emotional strength that gets hampered due to their encounter with unfortunate circumstances .
convergent implementation of existing schemes of the centre and state governments , and
introduction to programmes and internationally agreed action & targets .
mark sheet of class 8 if it contains date of birth  ; or
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and the United Arab Emirates on Development Cooperation in Africa .
the hostel will be under the administrative control of the headmaster / principal of concerned school .
if you already have a service plus id you can login with the same to register for pro bono .
personal or family history of stroke , heart attack or transient ischemic attack .
‘ search medicine price ’ is an online search tool for checking prices of scheduled medicines instantly at the time of purchase of the medicine .
a diagnosis may be made before the baby is born ( prenatal diagnosis ) by testing the amniotic fluid
tropical cyclones occur in the months of may-june and october-november .
key aspects of the service transformation achieved by passport seva are as follows  :
electoral rolls
high intake of dietary fat also causes obesity .
battery operated radio
the scheme is being implemented by the ministry of social justice and empowerment , government of india .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the continuation of the existing Non Lapsable Central Pool of Resources ( NLCPR ) scheme with funding pattern of 90 :10 till March , 2020 with an outlay of Rs .5300 .00 crore .
in any transaction through unified payment interface , unified payment interface would be required which needs to be fed through the mobile at the time of any transaction making it safe and secured .
My home state Gujarat was proud to be the host of the first ever meeting of the African Development Bank in India last year .
capacity development and training of rural development functionaries .
Areas of cooperation include smart urban solutions , liveability , sustainable and integrated urban planning , re-development and land use , integrated solid waste management including waste to energy , sustainable transport systems , water and sanitation management , energy efficiency , resource mobilization and other related areas mutually agreed upon .
intensive livelihood investments would be made by the national rural livelihoods project in 107 districts and 422 blocks of 13 states ( assam , bihar , chhattisgarh , jharkhand , gujarat , maharashtra , madhya pradesh , orissa , rajasthan , uttar pradesh , west bengal , karnataka and tamil nadu ) .
small roll of absorbent gauze or gauze pads of different sizes
applicant should not be defaulter of any bank / financial institution
about national disaster management authority
scheme targets
a new center of landslide research , as envisaged under mitigation project guidelines , is in process , through ministry of mines , the nodal ministry .
More than 10 crore people will be benefitted by this programme .
In accordance with the provisions of paragraph 6( 2 ) of the Fifth Schedule to the Constitution , the President may at any time by order increase the area of any Scheduled Area in a State after consultation with the Governor of that State ; rescind , in relation to any State or States , any order or orders made under this paragraph , and in consultation with the Governor of the State concerned , make fresh orders redefining the areas which are to be Scheduled Areas .
Wherever Metros are being built in India , the Centre and the respective State Governments are working together , he added .
do not eat uncooked food unless it is peeled or shelled .
presently the scheme is being implemented in five states of the country viz assam , bihar , uttar pradesh , rajasthan and tamil nadu .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on Valmiki Jayanti .
the national disaster management authority has been constituted under the disaster management act 2005 , with the prime minister of india as its chairman-  ;
an example of this is how distributed denial-of-service tools are used .
provide a name for the document
terms and conditions for participants/ vendors in mahila e-haat
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has lauded the contributions of eminent personalities and groups towards “Swachhta Hi Seva ” .
further , it will advise the farmer on the fertilizers and their quantities he should apply , and also the soil amendments that he should undertake , so as to realize optimal yields .
The Prime Minister will release a commemorative postage stamp on Nanaji Deshmukh .
when installing or changing fence lines , consider placing them in such a way that your animals are able to move to higher ground in the event of a tsunami .
the importance of energy conservation and simple tips to conserve energy at home , in agriculture , transport systems and various other places is explained .
headaches ,
documents required include proof of identity , proof of residence address , filled in bharat gas form and an affidavit in this format that your households do not have any indane/ piped-natural-gas connection .
cultural exchange programmes between partnering states with the help of troupes identified in the home state through cultural competitions .
severe abdominal pain
The financial implication for this purpose is Rs . 3183 crore for the period 2017-18 to 2019-20 .
“Historic jump in ‘Ease of Doing Business’ rankings is the outcome of the all-round & multi-sectoral reform push of Team India .
actual subject to a maximum ceiling of rs .10 ,000 p .a .
waste is composted anaerobically in a pit .
The Government of India has decided to launch Pradhanmantri Jan Arogya Abhiyan so that the poor man , the common man gets free treatment for serious diseases and he can be admitted to big hospitals free of cost .
non-adherence by the bank or its subsidiaries to the instructions of reserve bank on atm/ debit card operations or credit card operations ,
telephone / electricity / water bill ( within last three months )
bone structure
they tend to know about health-care practices and are less likely to become pregnant at a very young age .
headache
ICAI is a statutory body established by an Act of Parliament of India , The Chartered Accountants Act , 1949′ , to regulate the profession of Chartered Accountancy in India .
The Prime Minister said that the country’s biggest airport is being built in Jewar , in Uttar Pradesh .
do not defecate in open area .
We have recently approved a new “Prime Minister’s Research Fellows ” scheme .
inclusive program design
many women work in the informal economy , where their work is not recorded , regulated or protected by public authorities .
if it bleeds or oozes , bandage it to protect it from infection .
the ministry of new and renewable energy also supports research , development and demonstration projects on various aspects of hydrogen energy including its production , storage and use as a fuel for generation of mechanical/thermal/electrical energy .
PM will inaugurate the Patan- Bindi Railway Line .
use secure network connections  :
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate Anand Agricultural University’s Incubation Centre cum Centre of Excellence in Food Processing , and a Solar Cooperative Society at Mujhkuva village .
germs on food can be swallowed and cause illness .
Our most beloved leader , ShriAtalBihari Vajpayee , the former Prime Minister of our country , had clearly said that human rights are not analien concept for us .
Pradhan Mantri Jan ArogyaYojana ( PM-JAY ) aims to reduce the financial burden on poor and vulnerable groups arising out of catastrophic hospital episodes and ensure their access to quality health services .
They agreed that India would extend regular training to Myanmar diplomats at the Foreign Service Institute , New Delhi .
liquid biopesticides ( trichoderma viridae , pseudomonas fluorescens , metarhizium , beaviourie bassiana , pacelomyces , verticilliu m ) @ rs . 500 /acre x 50
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given approval to the declaration of Scheduled Areas in respect of Rajasthan under Fifth Schedule to the Constitution of India by rescinding the Constitution Order ( C .O . )114 dated 12th February 1981 and promulgation of a new Constitution Order .
option ii - download form 6 from the website and send it by post .
A large proportion of our children are affected by malnutrition .
Nordic solutions in clean technologies , maritime solutions , port modernisation , food processing , health , life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned .
The Prime Minister visited a Pashudhan Arogya Mela organised at the village .
encouraging mitigation measures based on state-of-the-art technology and environmental sustainability .
every married woman in the reproductive age group should be encouraged to visit her health provider or inform if she believes herself to be pregnant .
essential requirements for registration of pensioners
The “Solar Mamas ” of Africa , trained in India , are lighting up thousands of homes across the African continent .
6 . Rehabilitation of Bru/Reang families from Tripura to Mizoram .
a scanned copy can also be uploaded .
Today more than 90% of rural habitations are connected by a road .
He writes that the flight of our courageous Defence Minister Nirmala Seetharaman in a Sukhoi 30 fighter plane is inspirational for him .
coal supplies more than 50 % of the country 's total primary energy requirements .
build capacity for skill development in critical un-organised sectors ( such as the construction sector , where there few opportunities for skill training ) and provide pathways for re-skilling and up-skilling workers in these identified sectors , to enable them to transition into formal sector employment .
the aim of national voter service portal is to provide single window services to electors .
He said the Union Government would continue to take decisions , keeping national interest supreme .
Please click here for the Prime Minister’s speech
inform and educate citizens about digital india - cashless , faceless and paperless
cyberstalking is a relatively new phenomenon .
taking medications regularly is also important to prevent seizures .
This requirement has now been fulfilled by the Union Government , he added .
in order to provide funding support to startups , government will set up a fund with an initial corpus of inr 2 ,500 crore and a total corpus of inr 10 ,000 crore over a period 4 years ( i .e . inr 2 ,500 crore per year ) .
He spoke of the rapid growth in number of Common Service Centres in India .
the copyright act , 1957 is applicable throughout india , and also protects movies made abroad .
to view all your past and pending transactions , go to home screen - > transaction history .
as on date , india has 17 power reactors and five research reactors in operation along with six power reactors under construction .
breast milk remains an important source of energy , protein and other nutrients such as vitamin a and iron , even when babies begin to consume additional foods after 6 months of age .
esign enables millions of aadhaar holders an easy way to access legally valid digital signature service .
providing urban amenities in rural areas for improvement of quality of rural life .
typically , within 30 days of receiving the complaint , the bank will send you a final response or explain why more time is needed to investigate .
these will facilitate  :
drinking water supply
she should be able to recognize the early signs of pregnancy .
do not allow to create accounts for fictitious children or groups .
the beneficiary family should not own a pucca house either in his/her name or in the name of any member of his/her family in any part of india to be eligible to receive central assistance under the mission .
as many as 30 per cent of these children , like kanika singhal , do not respond well to medication , that is meant to control the seizures that characterize this disorder .
the indian food composition tables , 2017 provides nutritional information on 151 discrete food components for 528 key foods .
hand towel
The Prime Minister said that in the State of Uttar Pradesh , the small and medium sector enterprises have been a part of traditions .
the normal process of how the body turns food into energy and the changes that occur when diabetes is present , is explained below .
Many of you have been on board our naval ships .
symptoms of infection
MoU in pharmaceuticals between Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation ( CDSCO ) , GoI , and National Administration of Drugs , Food and Medical Technology , Argentina
“Remembering our first Prime Minister , Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru on his birth anniversary .
The event has been organized by Uttar Pradesh Government to showcase the investment opportunities and potential in the state .
this is due to changes in a woman 's body that lower her previous level of resistance to malaria .
it is an initiative of the department of pensions & pensioners ’ welfare , ministry of personnel , public grievances & pensions , government of india .
Prime Minister Modi , even as Chief Minister of Gujarat , used to auction mementoes received by him , so that the proceeds could go for the education of girl children .
mixed culture of indian major carps can be taken up with species ratio of 40 % surface feeders ,30 % column feeders and 30 % bottom feeders .
integration of water source , distribution and its efficient use , to make best use of water through appropriate technologies and practices .
This diversity is what will make you a richer person .
1 . At the invitation of Prime Minister Theresa May , the Prime Minister of India , Mr Narendra Modi visited the United Kingdom ( UK ) as a Guest of Government on 18 April 2018 .
ministry of health and family welfare
promoting location and crop specific integrated nutrient management practices for improving soil health , enhancing crop productivity and maintaining quality of land and water resources  ;
manual dyeing / bleaching unit
the risks may include hypertension ( high blood pressure ) , haemorrhage ( loss of blood ) , miscarriage and gestational diabetes ( diabetes during pregnancy ) for the woman and congenital anomalies ( birth defects ) for the child .
propagate aspirational value of skilling among youth , by creating social awareness on value of skill training .
paddy
Our bilateral trade is more than $10 billion .
wash the wound immediately with plenty of soap & water
Minister of State in the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs ; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Water Resources , River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation .
It will lead to setting up of a Joint Working Group , which will further work out the plan of action including the time-frame and the means of implementing the provisions of this Agreement .
the child may have tuberculosis , an infection in the lungs .
revised kisan credit card scheme or joint liability groups of farmers including tenant farmers , share croppers etc . ,
They welcomed the expansion of Japan’s Foreign Direct Investment in India under the “India-Japan Investment Promotion Partnership ” , the progress made in Japan Industrial Townships ( JIT ) and other initiatives included in the Japan-India Roadmap for Investment Promotion .
This will be the first Research Centre by IRRI outside its headquarters in the Philippines .
but sooner or later , you will have to tighten your belts and take note of cyberlaw for your own benefit .
once the online form is successfully submitted , the institute will be verified and approved by the respective state nodal officer .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi attended Dussehra Celebrations at 15 August Park at Lal Qila Maidan in New Delhi , today .
these scholarships will be given for the study of all recognised post - matriculation for post-secondary courses pursued in recognised institutions with the following exceptions  :
problems that can lead to coma include  :
disinfect the places touched by the faeces .
also , the united nations sustainable development – goal 16 underscores the obligation of states 'to ensure equal access to justice for all ' .
user can generate one time password which is used for different transactions as a second factor of authentication .
sale of new medicine without prior price approval of pharma jan samadhan click here
key features
healthy living and diabetes is the world diabetes day theme for 2014-2016 .
for securing the health and strength of employees , men and women  ;
neem cake/ neem oil @ rs .500/acre x 50
increasing proliferation and sophistication of various electronic devices makes it all the more obligatory for schools to control and monitor their use by students .
· 3rd BRICS Water Forum ( Pretoria )
guidelines on utilisation of funds
“Birthday wishes to Rashtrapati ji .
He said the reason for this is that India is transforming itself .
national health mission components
The Prime Minister said he saw a new energy and enthusiasm in Dwarka today .
effect of the wind
the criteria for registration of individuals .
He recalled that during Mann Ki Baat in December 2017 , he had called for organising Mock Parliaments in the districts .
do ’ s
in case of unemployed students whose parents/guardians income from all sources does not exceed rs . 1 lakh per annum will be entitled for the scholarship under the scheme .
grievance redressal mechanisms
The whole world acclaimed this as a very successful tournament .
Government is working towards completing all approvals by April 2018 and to launch the first academic program in July 2018 .
adequate rest is essential
human faeces need to be put down a toilet or latrine , or buried .
schedule the next follow-up visit for the mother and her baby .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the incorporation of the Official Amendments to the Major Port Authorities Bill 2016 , which is pending in the Parliament .
in most countries , children start primary school at around 6 or 7 years of age .
the law makes it clear that the woman has to expressly consent to both , watching/taking pictures as well as sharing them , for it to not be an offence .
a typical visit is envisaged for a period of ten days to one of these institutions , in the form of either an exposure or an internship programme .
India requires crores of new houses .
check the labels of food items while purchasing to know the 'best before ' date .
what is constipation
any form of stress may result in a disease outbreak , or diseases in individual birds , as a result of a disease causing organism that is not normally a problem .
school safety efforts need to take cognizance of all kinds of hazards that may affect the well- being of children .
There are old baggage’s of our own lives and when they do not come in the way , it becomes easier to understand others .
reduce gas usage by 20 mins a day per household
pursuing first professional degree programme in the field of engineering , medicine , dental , veterinary , pharma , ( nursing , agriculture , etc . ) , in accordance with the guidelines as mentioned in para- 8 ( b ) .
in general , treatment for a coma is supportive .
the ministry has launched the sub-mission national urban health mission under national health mission
door darshan free dish reaches to around 2 to 2 .5 crore families , mostly in rural areas and people from poor background .
who can join
assault , criminal intimidation and criminal force .
an innovation core program targeted at school kids aims to source 10 lakh innovations from five lakh schools , out of which the the best 100 would be shortlisted and showcased at an annual festival of innovations , to be held in rashtrapati bhavan .
nutritious foods will help the child recover more quickly .
Our vision of an India-Korea Startup Centre – will provide a hub for Korean startups and Indian talent to freely communicate .
In this context , he mentioned the sites at Alipur in Delhi ; Mhow in Madhya Pradesh ; Indu Mill in Mumbai ; Deeksha Bhumi in Nagpur ; and the house in London .
He described the Uttar Pradesh Government’s “One District , One Product ” scheme as an extension of “Make in India . ”
causes for obesity
The Prime Minister said that facilities that are associated with cities must also be made available to our villages .
washing hands
45 . birhor 46 . bondo 47 . didayi 48 . dongria-khond 49 . juangs 50 . kharias 51 . kutia kondh 52 . lanjia sauras 53 . lodhas 54 . mankidias 55 . paudi bhuyans 56 . soura 57 . chuktia bhunjia
Apart from the events for the World Economic Forum , I look forward to my separate bilateral meetings with the President of the Swiss Confederation H . E . Mr . Alain_Berset and Prime Minister of Sweden H . E . Mr . Stefan Lofven .
the requirements for registration are
safe water and good hygiene practices help to reduce the number of respiratory infections and other illnesses , such as diarrhoea .
Central Government augments the resources of the States in this regard through the Centrally Sponsored Scheme ( CSS ) for development of infrastructure facilities for Judiciary which is being implemented since 1993-94 .
apply direct pressure to wound until bleeding stops .
The Prime Minister praised External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj for continuously keeping an eye on issues being faced by Indian citizens abroad .
chockpori medical institute darjeeling
unproductive with very less litter size or with very high interfarrowing period , repeat breeders , aged animals , unproductive b oars etc . are to be culled and sold out for meat purpose .
the projection indicates that the number of 60+ in india will increase to 116 .10 millions in 2016 , 143 .20 millions in 2021 and 173 .2 millions in 2026 .
He said that the six Passport Sewa Kendras being inaugurated today , are a step in this direction .
Prime Minister pointed out that the government has changed the situation in Eastern India which had 14 ,582non- electrified villages out of 18 ,000 and out of which 5790 villages were in the North East .
know emergency telephone numbers ( such as those of doctors , hospitals , the police , etc )
compost harvest
a child who is sexually abused has to face very serious consequences such as cognitive impairment , violent and risk behaviour including depression and anxiety .
to celebrate the idea of india as a nation wherein different cultural units across varied geographies coalesce and interact with each other , this glorious manifestation of diverse cuisine , music , dance , theatre , movies and films , handicrafts , sports , literature , festivals , painting , sculpture etc . will enable people to imbibe the innate chord of binding and brotherhood .
Till then , I had never even been an MLA .
suicide  : there shall be no exclusion on count of suicide and full purchase price shall be payable
decomposing food
in what comes as a worrying fact on the world epilepsy day , around 10 million indians suffer from the disorder , which is characterized by multiple seizures .
however , if asked to evacuate do not hesitate to leave the place .
manufacture of paper products
filling out the cards at these clinics should be mandatory and a sticker indicating the condition and risk factor of the pregnant women should be added onto card for each visit  :
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the Wage Policy for the 8th Round of Wage Negotiations for workmen in Central Public Sector Enterprises ( CPSEs ) .
to do so , go to file > properties > certificates or double click on the padlock symbol at the upper right or bottom corner of the browser window .
PM said his Government is committed to all round development of North eastern states and assured them that it will protect their culture , resources and languages .
place the affected part in the water and continue to monitor the water temperature .
boil water to 100°c for 10 to 15 minutes .
The Union Cabinet further approved following condolence Resolution in the profound memory of Shri Manohar Parrikar :
The Prime Minister will inaugurate air services between Jagdalpur and Raipur .
a woman employed away from her home can continue to breastfeed her child .
don ’ t send your password via email , and don ’ t share it with others .
note - banks issued is different from the personal identification number
develop sudden numbness , weakness or paralysis on one side of body .
As part of their Valedictory Session as Assistant Secretaries , IAS officers of the 2015 batch today made presentations before the Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi .
katla ,
data vulnerabilities
In Mann Ki Baat , I have always remembered one sentence of Acharya Vinoba Bhave .
In the last four years , the amount of Foreign Direct Investment received in the country was almost equal to what was received in seven years before 2014 , the Prime Minister said .
The Seoul Peace Prize was established in 1990 to commemorate the success of the 24th Olympic Games held in Seoul , Republic of Korea – an event in which 160 nations from across the world took part , creating harmony and friendship and a worldwide atmosphere of peace and reconciliation .
are under 18 or over 35 years of age
since it is a very powerful source of fuel , hydrogen can be very flammable .
• Engage and seek mutual collaboration on the demonstration and development of smart grid technologies such as smart metering , demand response , power quality management , distribution automation , electric vehicle/charging infrastructure as well as renewable integration , through research , capacity building ,policy cooperation and learning on market design prerequisites including business models .
all discoms including private discoms and state power departments are eligible for financial assistance under this scheme .
He said those indulging in corruption will not be spared .
give water or a rehydrating drink ( if the person is still conscious )
hence , they are more affected than any other age group by the actions and inaction of governments and society .
This outreach and support programme , which will run for the next 100 days , covering the entire country , is expected to provide even greater synergy to the efforts being made for this sector .
to facilitate speedy and hassle free police and court proceedings the one stop centre scheme will provide video conferencing facility ( through skype , google conferencing etc . ) .
The youth of India can bring transformative changes in the nation , he asserted .
Prime Minister Modi requested the Minister to convey his best wishes to President Sisi .
mainly targeted at unorganised sector workers .
ensuring that at least 50 % of all public documents issued by the central government and the state governments meet accessibility standards ( march 2018 ) .
avoid alcohol , tea , coffee and carbonated soft drinks , which dehydrates the body .
reduce annual co 2 emissions by 30 kg
basically , it reacts with oxygen without burning and the energy it releases can be used to generate electricity used to drive an electric motor .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has paid tributes to Acharya JB Kripalani and Maulana Abul Kalam Azad on their birth anniversaries .
the extreme temperatures and resultant atmospheric conditions adversely affect people living in these regions as they cause physiological stress , sometimes resulting in death .
The Prime Minister recalled that Harivansh ji had also worked with former Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar ji .
employment
the varishta pension bima yojana is a scheme for the benefit of senior citizens aged 60 years and above .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today attended the Dashamah Soundarya Lahari Parayanotsava Mahasamarpane at Bengaluru .
Under HELP , Blocks are to be awarded twice in a year .
In this context he mentioned the Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana , which would provide power connections to all the estimated four crore households which currently did not have a power connection .
always keeping jerry-cans , buckets , pitchers , ropes and jars used to collect and store water as clean as possible by storing them in a clean place , off the ground and away from animals
uttarakhand – 245
pre-matric scholarship scheme to obc
I extend my best wishes to thoseplayers who are yet to compete .
The MoU was signed in Johannesburg on 26th July 2018 .
the 2004 tsunami also prompted to formulate tsunami risk management guidelines to outline inter-agency roles and responsibilities , tsunami risk preparedness , mitigation and response .
( 2 ) cleaned through a filter ,
it looks after the registration of practitioners , standard of colleges and other mechanism to regulate sowa-rigpa .
if you want to be present during the first appeal hearing , mention it at the end of your appeal .
user gets confirmation screen to review the payment details and clicks on confirm
objectives
it is only a symptom of a disease .
I extend best wishes to all countrymen .
second-hand smoke is particularly harmful to young children .
We have a stated target of doubling farm incomes within five years .
families can help prevent pneumonia by making sure babies are exclusively breastfed for the first six months and that all children are well nourished and fully immunized .
“The enchanting and effervescent Northeast calls!
children with coughs , colds , runny noses or sore throats who are breathing normally can be treated at home and will recover without medicines .
“Greetings on Gujarat Diwas .
The Prime Minister also said that the recent steps taken by the Union Government will be beneficial in furthering the safety of women .
taking certified samples of material  ;
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the creation of two posts equivalent to Joint Secretary level in the Interpreters’ cadre of the Ministry of External Affairs .
avoid wearing dark , heavy or tight clothing
look for the mark of quality on the engine .
it is dangerous if the victim stops breathing .
hands should always be washed before preparing , serving or eating food , and before feeding children .
considering the critical need for e-governance , mobile governance and good governance in the country , the approach and key components of e-kranti have been approved by the union cabinet on 25 .03 .2015 with the vision of “ transforming e-governance for transforming governance  ” .
floor should be cemented for easy cleaning and hygienic point of view .
During the interaction , the Prime Minister highlighted the scope for cooperation in Energy Security and Food Security between the two countries .
all india network of passport services
however , the trainees will make their own arrangement for joining the training and going back .
everyone should know what to do in a tsunami situation .
dietary fibre  :
it is envisaged to empower the patient by seeking his / her views on quality of experience in a public healthcare facility .
the affected tissues will hold the heat , and cause further damage and pan .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 39 - 99 kg
Hence , JSK as an Autonomous Body can be closed as it can be administered by the Department as a fund .
worms impair the nutritional status of people they infect in multiple ways  :
where either party has a living spouse
review all logs
children learn more quickly during their early years than at any other time in life .
The Yaad-e-Jallian Museum provides an authentic account of Jallianwala Bagh massacre that happened on April 13 , 1919 .
willy-willies in north-western australia and tropical cyclones in the indian ocean .
you should submit following documents with application form in support of your claim  :
avoid falling prey to social engineering tricks  :
if your child is younger than three months of age and has a fever , it 's important to always call your healthcare provider right away .
if she uses breast milk substitutes such as infant formula exclusively she avoids the risk of antiretroviral infection through breast milk
In this volume more than 3500 martyrs of Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh , Rajasthan and Jammu & Kashmir have been listed .
failure to provide or delay in providing a banking facility ( other than loans and advances ) promised in writing by a bank or its direct selling agents ,
however , millions of women of childbearing age , including adolescent girls , do not have control over limiting pregnancies or spacing births , nor do they have access to effective family planning methods .
every citizen who is 18 years old on the qualifying date ( 1st january of the concerned year , unless disqualified is eligible to be enrolled )
head injuries and brain damage due to accidents .
often is described as pressure encircling the head with the most intense pressure over the eyebrows .
H .E . Dr . Turki Abdullah Al-Shabanah , Minister of Media
rs .6 ,000/- per half-year
Minister of Food Processing Industries .
bharatnatyam , kathak , kuchipudi , kathakali , mohiniattam , odissi dance/ music , manipuri dance/ music , thangta , gaudiya nritya , chhau dance/ music , sattriya dance .
examine and weigh the baby and put recommended drops in the baby 's eyes to prevent blindness and infection
Mr . Greg Abbott , Governor of the State of Texas , who is currently on a trade mission to India , called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on Wednesday .
post new jobs ( or on behalf of employers )
information means
iii ) your booth level officer
height
in case it is registrar general of india , please contact office for further details .
cooked food can collect germs if it touches raw food , and these germs can breed in the cooked food in a few hours .
must possess minimum age , educational and physical qualification prescribed for the trade
services offered
school safety efforts need to take cognizance of all kinds of hazards that may affect the well- being of children .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Indian revolutionary freedom fighter Shyamji Krishna Varma , on his birth anniversary .
when on seizure medication , ask doctor before taking medications for other illnesses .
India is linked with Belarus under multilateral economic initiatives such as the Eurasian Economic Union ( EEU ) and the International North South Transport Corridor .
Prime Minister Modi reiterated India’s abiding commitment to supporting Myanmar in its efforts to build infrastructure and develop human resources capacity .
blood pressure
Indian participation include majors like Tata , L&T , Kalyani , Bharat Forge , Mahindra , MKU , DRDO , HAL , BEL , BDL , BEML , MDL , GRSE , GSL , HSL , MIDHANI , Ordnance Factories , and many others .
Establishing an inclusive government and building peace and stability in Libya is in the interest of the entire international community .
how will soil samples be collected from a farmer ’ s field  ?
ideal body weight
in this context , in 1975 , the government of india initiated to identify the most vulnerable tribal groups as a separate category called particularly vulnerable tribal groups and declared 52 such groups , while in 1993 an additional 23 groups were added to the category , making it a total of 75 particularly vulnerable tribal groups out of 705 scheduled tribes , spread over 17 states and one union territory , in the country ( 2011 census ) .
portal will also facilitate for time bound approval of contract of apprenticeship , centralized database for compliance and monitoring , online verification of candidates profile , management of on-line examination for generation and issue of hall tickets .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Bolivia in the Field of Traditional Systems of Medicine and Homoeopathy .
a victim of trafficking in human beings or beggar
My Sankranti greetings to all Kannadigas .
harnessing private sector expertise for incubator setup
scholarship benefits
this section comprises of two sub sections
childline works towards ensuring that all children in need of care and protection are aware of and have access to services , that are child friendly , available when they want it and encourage them to participate in decisions that affect them .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between Atal Innovation Mission , India and Fund “Talent and Success ” , Russia for promotion of science & technology , strong foundation to the collaborative work through exchange of students , teachers , researchers and scientists between both countries .
He will inaugurate Jalgaon-Udhana Doubling and electrification Rail Project .
claim procedure for scholarships
esign provides configurable authentication options in line with aadhaar service and also record aadhaar to verify the identities of signers .
the state nodal agencies of the ministry of new and renewable energy and the host institute will advertise about the batches of the program including dates and the venue of the training in the print and/or electronic media .
mild headache
it is given a turning , plastered with wet mud and left undisturbed for about 5 months or till required .
the deen dayal upadhyaya state missions provide implementation support  ;
Over 100 beneficiaries of the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana , today interacted with Prime Minister Narendra Modi , at his residence .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved MoU between India and Mauritius on Consumer Protection and Legal Metrology
the supplementary nutrition programme component was funded through a 50 :50 ratio .
Today I will go to the Anand Temple in the Bagan .
And today , in this edition of Mann Ki Baat , I wish to speak to our successful young men & women between 18 & 25 , all infused with energy and resolve .
maintain a healthy body weight .
raise complaint from mobile app directly
the digital india land record modernisation programme has 3 major components
( vii ) Chronic Disease Control ;
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Rani Lakshmibai on her Jayanti .
forcing to not attend school , college or any other educational institution preventing one from taking up a job repeated threats to cause pain to any person in whom the woman is interested .
heart burn
number of scholarship
sometimes a lack of blood flow to the brain can cause a person to become paralyzed on one side of the body , or lose control of certain muscles , such as those on one side of the face .
For many years in India , the political culture of forming a very large cabinet was being misused to constitute jumbo cabinets not only to create a divide but also to appease political leaders .
how it works
­promoting productive and proactive partnership with media in disaster management .
allowance of rs . 240/- per month towards extra coaching to mentally retarded and mentally ill students .
India is changing , India’s standing at the global stage is rising and this is due to Jan Shakti , the Prime Minister said .
care needs to be taken while selecting an eligible couple .
social causes
this section covers various policies , organisations and other legal aspects related to women and child development .
the scheme is being named `` unnat jyoti `` - an acronym for unnat jyoti by affordable light-emitting diode for all .
Prime Minister said that to make healthcare affordable and accessible , Government launched the Ayushman Bharat scheme .
as per the current seismic zone map of the country , over 59 per cent of india ’ s land area is under threat of moderate to severe seismic hazard-  ; that means it is prone to shaking of assam-tibet intensity vii and above .
the largest by products of coconut is coconut husk from which coir fibre is extracted .
however , it stood at 7th position in terms of number of reactors in operation country- wise , globally .
restrict the movement of birds ( selling and buying )
change your password frequently , and avoid clicking links that purport to send you back to the social network site .
the core values which guide all the activities under deen dayal antyodaya yojana are as follows  :
special provisions for heinous offences committed by children above the age of sixteen years - under section 15 , special provisions have been made to tackle child offenders committing heinous offences in the age group of 16-18 years .
type 1 or juvenile diabetes affects 70 ,000 children under the age of 15 years every year .
a member of scheduled caste or scheduled tribe
provide consistent affection every day
the major objectives are to support the farmers from distress sales and to procure food grains for public distribution .
The delegation will consist of farmers from Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , Punjab , Maharashtra and Karnataka .
stimulation , play and being included in play with other children and adults are very important for children with disabilities or chronic illnesses , such as children with hiv .
He also called upon the University to work towards overall development of these 100 villages .
who is covered under the act  ?
They also emerged champions in the T-20 Cricket World Cup for the Visually Challenged .
In this regard , the Sides welcomed the constructive consultations held at Moscow on 24 August 2018 between Deputy Foreign Minister of the Russian Federation Igor Morgulov and Foreign Secretary of the Republic of India Vijay Gokhale .
transport drivers association
The Prime Minister spent time with young children who are being aided by the non-profit organisation “Room to Read . ”
building the resilience of nations and communities to disasters , adopted at the world conference on disaster reduction underlines the importance of knowledge and education as one of its five main priorities .
the value of scholarship includes the following for complete duration of the course  : -
the symptoms of parkinson ’ s disease varies from person to person and they may include  :
they would be authorised to collect the application form and submit in banks and post offices .
engine should have an air filter which should be cleaned regularly .
she should be encouraged to eat small dried fish .
PM also declared 100% electrification of households in the Jammu and Kashmir under SAUBHAGYA Scheme .
cerebral palsy
pradhan mantri adarsh gram yojana , a government of india initiative for the empowerment of deprived sections , aims to achieve integrated development of selected villages through convergent implementation of all relevant central and state schemes .
 . these babies are more likely to get diarrhoea and respiratory and ear infections .
Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas , Shri Dharmendra Pradhan and Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) for Youth Affairs and Sports , Col . Rajyavardhan Rathore , were present on the occasion .
a thumb rule for preparing for the silver years is centered on the concept that the quality of life in the latter half of our life should be based on how we have lived in the first half .
vitamin and zinc supplementation can reduce the risk of diarrhoea .
• 100% FDI under automatic route for Single Brand Retail Trading
after attaining the age of 5 years ,
disease is a term for any condition that impairs the normal functioning of organs or body .
non-disbursement or delay in disbursement of pension ( to the extent the grievance can be attributed to the action on the part of the bank concerned , but not with regard to its employees )
That is one of our principal goals .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has expressed pain over the loss of lives due to capsizing of a boat in the Krishna River .
“Statehood Day greetings to the people of Nagaland .
This Gurudwara suffered severe damage due to the devastating earth quake of 2001 in Gujarat .
considering easy management and good return , it is advisable to rear only superior grower/fatteners in small scale integrated farming system , instead of rearing sows for piglet productions which require better care and management for profit .
The new Central Universities in the States of Bihar , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir ( Two ) , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Orissa , Punjab , Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu were established under Central Universities Act , 2009 .
Economic Independence through Industries . ”
subject  : application under-section 6 ( 1 ) of right to information act- 2005
phosphate rich organic manure / zyme granules @ rs . 1000/acre x 50
law against manual scavenging
information technology act of india 2000
He expressed happiness at the large presence of Japanese companies in India .
avian encephalomyelitis
step iv - sign the form and attach the following  :
Shri Narendra Modi will flag off the Mahamana Express through a video link .
for publishing and sharing obscene material , the punishment is jail time of up to three years and a fine of rupees five lakh .
there can be blood-tinged discharge from the nostrils .
she or he should be sponged or bathed with cool but not cold water .
download the bharat interface for money app ( for android phones )
This has provided 800 million health screening check-ups , and free referral treatment to 20 million children , in the last four years .
some sows may refuse to suckle alien piglings .
step i - go to forms on the home page .
one way is to install the coops directly over the pond surface so that the droppings fall directly into the pond .
a transparent inspection scheme will provide a check on the arbitrariness in compliance mechanism .
formal platforms would be established for regular consultations between such institutions and panchayat raj for exchange of mutual advice , support and sharing of resources .
to substantially improve the standard of living and quality of life of all sections of the population through
enrollment agencies
the information and broadcasting department of the district , in association with an authorised information officer , ensures the smooth flow of information to the media to avoid panic and spreading of rumours .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 27 - 68 kg
birth preparedness & complication readiness , contact details to be used in case of need
mainstreaming dm concerns into the development planning process .
the complaint is then registered and a unique auto-generated complaint number is flashed .
earthquakes happen when plates move with respect to each other because of the friction and stress at the edges of plates prevents them from slipping smoothly at their boundaries .
71 countries , including India , participated therein .
the fewer the no . of bends and fittings in a pipe , more the electricity saves .
burn injuries
This facility is now available to nationals of 166 countries worldwide .
mentally challenged children
Every Indian should feel safe , every Indian should be insured , hence ‘Insurance for All’ .
you should follow the advice of teachers and other school personnel .
pro bono legal service as a concept has not gained much momentum in the country and remains more of an ad hoc , individualized practice lacking an institutional structure .
The Prime Minister assured that a Central team will visit the State soon to assess the extent of damage to infrastructure , housing , fishermen and farms and relief to be provided to the State .
difficulty talking or swallowing  :
Credit Line Agreement between the EXIM Bank , Government of India and the Government of Cambodia for a Line of Credit to finance the Stung Sva Hab Water Resource Development Project for US$ 36 .92 million .
control the built-up of insects-pest , diseases and weeds population through natural cropping system management and keep them at low level of intensity .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved renaming of Jharsuguda Airport , Odisha as “Veer Surendra Sai Airport , Jharsuguda ”
total immunization
girl students enrolled in class xi in science stream .
set up a national mentor network for young entrepreneurs .
Shri Ravindra Nath Chairman and Managing Director , National Small Industries Corporation ( NSIC )
feeling needed by and being valued by one ’ s family can give a young person a positive sense of well-being .
soil health management aims at promoting location as well as crop specific sustainable soil health management including residue management , organic farming practices by way of creating and linking soil fertility maps with macro - micro nutrient management , appropriate land use based on land capability , judicious application of fertilizers and minimizing the soil erosion/degradation .
rajasthan – 592
The leaders agreed that The two agreements signed during this visit viz . , on cooperation in the fields of Information & Broadcasting and on establishment of tracking and data reception station and data processing facility in Vietnam under the ASEAN-India Space Cooperation would give further boost to India-Vietnam relations .
close your eyes and concentrate on a soothing , tranquil place where you feel safe and calm .
note  : police , investigation of crime and maintenance of law and order are essentially state subjects as per the constitution of india .
the diet of a pregnant woman and that of a young child should be varied and nutritious .
never pour harmful liquids into lemonade or other drink bottles .
The two Prime Ministers witnessed the ground breaking ceremony of the Motihari-Amlekhgunj cross-border petroleum products pipeline at Motihari , India .
change just 5 lamps in your home to more energy efficient ones . by doing this , you can
do not give any food or liquid by mouth
The Prime Minister will inaugurate a new railway line from Balangir-Bichupali .
status of chemical disaster risk in india
In our government , Uri happened , what happened after it ?
Greeting the people of India on this occasion , the Prime Minister said that the entire country is celebrating Rashtriya Ekta Divas today .
if humidity is high , a person can suffer from heat stress disorders even with the temperature at 37o c or 38o c .
“16-year old Saurabh Chaudhary illustrates the potential and prowess our youth is blessed with .
· Meeting of the BRICS Culture Senior Officials
the beneficiary is entitled to 90 days of unskilled labour from backward districts .
locate mobile towers with their safety status based on your current location -
application procedure
what is amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ?
Just imagine , what will happen if there is no fertile soil in the world ?
the pregnant animal should be fed individually .
since such women are not able to have an easy access to credit , it has been envisaged that the credit will be made available to women applicants through assistance and development who would be capable of handling funds in an appropriate manner .
universal access to banking facilities for all households across the country through a bank branch or a fixed point business correspondent within a reasonable distance .
any number of withdrawals subject to credit limit
sometimes you can also add a phone number to your profile to receive a code to reset your password via text message .
15th of December is the death anniversary of Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel .
Under the Facility , RBI offers swaps of varying sizes in USD , Euro or INR to each SAARC member country depending on their two months import requirement and not exceeding US$ 2 billion in total .
the patient is to be kept in a well aerated room
awards
The Prime Minister said that the Government is working to ensure that infrastructure is developed keeping in mind futuristic requirements .
it has been amended to increase the rebate from 10 % to 20 % in the cases where the gross total income does not exceed rs .75000/- ( as against a limit of rs .50000/- specified earlier ) .
During this period , bilateral interactions of PM with the visiting President of Uzbekistan Shavkat Mirziyoyev , Prime Minister of Czech Republic Mr . Andrej Babis , Prime Minister of Malta Dr . Joseph Muscat and Prime Minister of Denmark Mr Lars Løkke Rasmussen was in the limelight on 18 January 2019 .
drug side effects
the law ( section 354 ) makes it a special crime to use force against a woman , or even threaten to use force , if the intention is to 'outrage her modesty ' .
most of their livelihoods depend on the forest .
day old
the central government shall provide the national authority with such officers , consultants and employees , as it considers necessary for carrying out the functions of the national authority .
if in a moving vehicle
Prime Minister also expressed happiness in the enhanced cooperation between India and Italy in the field of Life Style Accessories Design ( LAD ) .
Another key issue that needs the world to come together is climate change .
the input will be checked by the head of office and result submitted to the administrative head/ authority designated for this purpose to ensure that the submission is as per format .
making sure the school has the resources it needs , including community members involved in school management and parent-teacher associations .
in such a case one accredited social health activist could be selected for and from a particular vulnerable group so that their specific needs are addressed through an appropriate understanding of the socio-cultural practices of that community .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today released the coffee table book “Timeless Laxman ” , based on the famous cartoonist RK Laxman .
media channels and newspapers who publish information about the case have a duty to make sure that the information they share is correct and that they do not publish any information that might reveal who the child is
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today met and interacted with business leaders in Mumbai .
• A traditional brass statue of a lion , received from Shri Sushil Koirala , former Prime Minister of Nepal , was auctioned for Rs . 5 .20 lakh .
where cloths are used it is important that they are regularly washed with soap and water and dried fully in the sun before the next use .
My Ministerial colleagues ,
selection of pig
And she herself is a M .A . in political science so heracademic knowledge will be now more helpful to you .
constipation
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , and the President of the Republic of South Korea , Mr . Moon Jae-in , today jointly inaugurated a large mobile manufacturing facility of Samsung India Electronics Pvt . Ltd , at Noida .
use antivirus  :
India is becoming an attractive FDI destination .
if the eyes are extremely dry or very red and sore , if there is a discharge or if there is difficulty seeing , the child should be examined by a trained health worker as soon as possible .
“India First ” was the basic doctrine of Dr . Baba Saheb Ambedkar .
Prime Minister Modi will dedicate first new Bhabhatron with precision technology ( Multi Leaf Collimator ) , to the nation .
overall goal
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 7140 for 25 years
in half an hour , a rooftop of 100 can harvest 1000 in a downpour of 25
prognosis for a coma
the account can be opened in any post office or authorised branches of commercial banks .
The Prime Minister said that the project has been completed well within the stipulated time and cost .
they can be divided into three categories .
pensioner has to inform to the bank that his jeevan pramaan has been generated through online registration from jeevan pramaan portal .
He released a commemorative postage stamp on Maharaja Suheldev .
the hon ’ ble supreme court of india , justice dalveer singh in response in response to writ petition ( civil ) no .483 of 2004 , avinash mehrotra vs union of india has laid down the following minimum specifications for school buildings .
the important infectious diseases of pigs
step ii - you will get a number of choices , click on form 6  : application for inclusion as a new voter for the first time .
this act provides guarantees so as to ensure the good quality of services rendered by various rehabilitation personnel .
type of equipment
women health is very important thorough out her life , from puberty to menopause .
if outdoors
Talking about the projects in Kerala , the PM said under Bharatmala , a detailed project report for the Mumbai-Kanyakumari corridor is under preparation . .
should parents still be concerned  ?
as we become old , our ability to think and remember also becomes slow .
adequate representation from disadvantaged population groups should be ensured to serve such groups better .
the signs of a severe infection are fever ,
He added that emphasis is also being given to micro-irrigation .
when a sow dies or fails to produce milk or does not claim her pigs , the piglings should be promptly shifted to a foster mother .
hamals
how the model works
catalyze a culture shift to encourage entrepreneurship
stay away from ceilings those are sagging .
abortion of over 5-month pregnancy - if abortion takes place when you can sense the movement of the foetus , the punishment is higher .
identification of adarsh gram
He explained at length , how this scheme is different from other similar schemes launched in the past .
gasoline is still being widely used to this day .
chapter-iv of the said act gives a scheme for regulation of certifying authorities .
pensions for all eligible families- old age , disability and widow
minimum purchase price
ideally , this data should be kept on a separate device , and backups should be stored offline .
all children residing in shelter homes , platforms , bus stands , roads , religious places , etc . are to be screened by trained police personnel .
this service was launched envisioning the potential of mobile banking and the need for immediate low value remittances which will help in financial deepening and inclusion of under-banked society in the mainstream banking services .
on-line registration
if it lasts longer , parents or other caregivers should seek help from a trained health worker .
· Even in the civil aviation sector , 69% of the total foreign investment has come in these last three years .
has been practicing as an advocate at the bar
package aeration system
focusing on outcomes and sustainability .
Giving an account of the work done , PM stated that about 219 bills were introduced , while 203 bills were passed .
more than six children across india in the age group of 12-19 years have taken their lives allegedly playing this game within a span of two weeks .
teachers need to keep an eye on falling grades and social behavior of the students .
Interacting with the group , the Prime Minister appreciated the group members for undertaking this initiative .
safety initiatives taken in india to address chemical risk
allow the person to rest or sleep .
application for deletion of name
guidelines for the applicant applying online under minimum entry qualification
They emphasized that they must continue to progress together .
energy sources could be classified as renewable and non-renewable .
“Condolences to the Bush family and the people of USA on the passing away of former President George H . W . Bush .
The Prime Minister spoke of initiatives being taken in the food processing and renewable energy sectors .
It is aimed at improving the health infrastructure in the state .
In the process the defence sector suffered .
please suggest  ?
refundable deposit like caution money , security deposit will , however , be excluded .
introduction of cropping system
side effects of deworming treatment
The event will include speeches by His Holiness Dr Syedna Mufaddal Saifuddin – spiritual head of the Dawoodi Bohra community , and the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh – Shri Shivraj Singh Chouhan .
This will further grow by about 200 million metric tons by 2030 .
generally , bank takes 2–3 weeks for grievance redressal , but it may vary from bank to bank
selection process
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Swapping of 10 .25 acres of land belonging to Airports Authority of India ( AAI ) at Rajahmundry Airport with equivalent extent of land belonging to Govt . of Andhra Pradesh .
bone mass and density decrease
panchayati raj institutions / local bodies
the disease is very dangerous in infants .
documents required - following documents in the respective category are mandatorily required to be submitted/uploaded by the applicant for applying under electronic clearing system
injection tetanus toxoid administration
The project will be completed by 2019-20 and the construction and capital expenditure will be incurred as per the norms of Medical Council of India ( MCI ) norms and extant guidelines of the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare .
advise the mother on nutrition , rest , hygiene , immunizations , sleeping under an insecticide-treated mosquito net in malarial areas , regular health check-ups and how to care for herself and her baby  ; advise the father to be supportive of these needs of the mother and child
In this context , he mentioned the progress made in terms of opening Jan Dhan accounts , insurance for the poor , Ujjwala cooking gas connections , Mudra Yojana and Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana etc .
problems with abstract thinking  :
debit card
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi , has given its approval to the following proposals :
The Election Commission has forwarded proposals to the Ministry of Law andJustice , Legislative Department relating to signing of Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) by it with
PM asserted that one is free to criticise him but in doing so they should not criticize the nation ,
for establishment of new individuals .
composting is essentially a microbiological decomposition of organic residues collected from rural area ( rural compost ) or urban area ( urban compost ) .
upload documents
it generally consists of a series of simple and in some cases , potentially life-saving techniques that an individual can be trained to perform with minimal equipment .
1 . exchange of visits and missions of experts ;
*Flagging of Bandra- Jamnagar Humsafar Express
if regular weighing shows that a breastfed baby under 6 months of age is not growing well  :
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Tajkistan on Cooperation on Peaceful uses of Space Technology for Development .
the rates of scholarships will be as under  :
there are a number of other laws which also punish employment of children .
toll free number accessible from landline or mobile emergency help will reach you in an average of 18 minutes
The MoU was on signed on 29th May , 2018 in Jakarta .
nomination form is a part of the membership application form and it should include particulars of the nominee to receive the claim amount .
clean the burners regularly
PM will unveil the plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of AIIMS , Madurai .
change of course/college by the selected student and get fresh admission in subsequent academic year will lead to rejection of his/her scholarship for ever .
is hacking a cybercrime  ?
He added that while the previous Government tried to hoodwink OROP with a grant of Rs .500 Crore , we have allotted Rs .35000 Crore .
to change people ’ s perceptions about vocational training and make skill development aspirational with opportunities for long-term career progression .
He will arrive in the city on the afternoon of 17th September .
He reiterated Shri Inamdar’s mantra of “Bina Sanskar , Nahin Sahkar . ”
The Prime Minister said that projects worth Rs . 23 ,000 crore have been approved under Namaami Gange so far .
yogurt and sour porridge are good to use in the preparation of meals because their acid prevents the growth of germs .
only in the case where both the parents ( or husband in the case of married but unemployed girl student ) have died , the income of the guardian who is supporting the student in his/her studies has to be taken into consideration .
issue protection order , providing protection to the woman .
the preferred medium of instruction would be the respective local language , but though hindi and english may also be preferred depending on the demand from the class .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given approval for de-notification of 03 marla of land overlapping with NHAI for setting up of bus bay near Indian Defence University Land in Gurugram , Haryana .
the amount may be recovered by the natural gas from the subsidy amount due to the consumer on each refill  ;
public-private partnership mode of service delivery will further reduce citizen interface with govt . machinery , while adding to the convenience
PM will later visit Dhule in Maharashtra .
PM reiterated his Government’s commitment for the welfare of the citizens of the country .
hence the need for cyberlaws in india .
­mitigation or reduction of risk of any disaster or its severity or consequences .
the recipient will receive an email from ‘ share ’
malware  : is a portmanteau from the words malicious and software , is software designed to infiltrate or damage a computer system without the owner 's informed consent .
house registration document
another additional duty the local authority had to finish within 9 months was to build as many sanitary latrines as it considers necessary in the areas the insanitary latrines have been found .
people with light infections usually have no symptoms .
women have been among the most disadvantaged and oppressed section of our country with regard to access to and control over resources .
to provide integrated support and assistance to women affected by violence , both in private and public spaces under one roof .
PM told that Dadra and Nagar Haveli has a huge potential for Tourism .
I first met President Ramaphosa when I went to South Africa in 2016 .
this is achieved through landslide hazard zonation maps which show areas in different colours .
the vision statement of official website commits to achieve for the country among other things an increase in manufacturing sector growth to 12-14 % per annum over the medium term , increase in the share of manufacturing in the country ’ s gross domestic product from 16 % to 25 % by 2022 and importantly to create 100 million additional jobs by 2022 in the manufacturing sector alone .
investment by venture capital funds in startups is exempted from operations of this provision .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on World Environment Day .
nutrition is the intake of food , considered in relation to the body ’ s dietary needs .
We have generated more than 1 .2 billion biometric identities – called Aadhaar or foundation – in just a few years .
more of whole grains
This project will contribute significantly in realising PM’s vision of reducing oil imports by 10% by 2020 .
similar schemes have been highly successful in countries like germany , china and japan where the number of apprentices are stated to be 3 million , 20 million and 10 million respectively .
second-hand smoke is particularly harmful to young children .
banking tip  : one time password is a six digit number & remains valid for one hour .
this scheme is being implemented through state agricultural universities , district rural development agencies , and government institutions having adequate institutional framework and organisational back up .
PM also mentioned about Rashtriya Kamdhenu Ayog , for conservation protection and development of cows and their progeny .
conditions of eligibility
same as above
establishment should have a valid organisational labour identification number
alcohol
After its mandatory trials , the Prime Minister inspected the locomotive and flagged it off .
mothers are sometimes advised to give less breast milk if a child has diarrhoea .
the chairperson of the national authority may designate one of the members nominated under clause ( b ) of sub-section ( 2 ) to be the vice-chairperson of the national authority .
reports
over-eating and reduced physical activity together lead to obesity .
commercial pilot license ( including helicopter pilot and multi engine rating ) course .
floor space sq .ft/bird
the mobile number and other contact details are to be captured by employees ' provident fund .
He will inaugurate a Health and Wellness Centre , which will mark the launch of the Union Government’s ambitious Health Assurance Programme – Ayushman Bharat .
soil and water conservation
click here to download the national scholarships portal mobile app to get the above listed services
The Prime Minister congratulated all stakeholders on the completion of 25 PRAGATI interactions .
because the risk of stroke increases with age , and women tend to live longer than men , more women than men have strokes and die of them each year .
Prime Minister Modi will also inaugurate new Crude Oil Pipeline from Chennai Port to Chennai Petroleum Corporation Limited’s ( CPCL ) Manali Refinery .
expected annual energy savings - 105 bn
although the government has asked companies such as google , facebook , whatsapp , instagram , microsoft and yahoo to immediately take down any links leading to the deadly game it is unclear how these companies would make the game inaccessible .
sudden release or failure to release water from dams can also have severe impact .
This institutional framework comprises the NAA , a Standing Committee , Screening Committees in every State and the Directorate General of Safeguards in the Central Board of Excise & Customs ( CBEC ) .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved Ex-post facto approval of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) signed in 2008 and renewed in 2014 between the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) and Institute of Chartered Accountants in England & Wales ( ICAEW ) .
the law requires the doctor to assess if these conditions are fulfilled – only then are they legally allowed to perform an abortion .
about * 99 #
The Prime Minister said that New India will require an energy framework that works on the principle of equity , efficiency and sustainability .
updating your mobile number in bank is also advisable .
in some cases due to operator issues it can take longer time .
the main curriculum of teaching would be as per the national council of vocational training approved module-5 which is attached with the guidelines .
intracerebral hemorrhage
these incentives/measures are following  :
CPA Afghanistan is an independent regulator of accountancy profession in Afghanistan , which operates under the supervision of Ministry of Finance , Government of Islamic Republic of Afghanistan .
be prepared to evacuate by foot if necessary .
The project is significant as it will ensure water supply to the drought prone Bundelkhand region .
do not use dry heat to re-warm .
At a large public meeting in Dabhoi , the Prime Minister unveiled a plaque to mark the laying of foundation stone of the National Tribal Freedom Fighters’ Museum .
Shri Pushpa Kamal Dahal ‘Prachanda’ , former Prime Minister of Nepal and Co-Chairman , Nepal Communist Party , called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today .
criteria for piped natural gas distributorships
Narendra Modi has also announced an awardin the name of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose , to honour police personnel involved in disaster response operations .
we normally lose approximately 50 to 100 scalp hairs each day .
investment choices
do not drink water from unsafe sources .
order of preference
right of school children to a safe learning environment can not be upheld by only one institution .
In Varanasi , the Prime Minister will dedicate , or lay the foundation stone of important projects , cumulatively worth over Rs . 900 crore .
He said the mission is to ensure a life of dignity for everyone .
The Prime Minister said that India-Bangladesh relations have been on an upward trajectory in the last few years .
provided further that a start-up shall be eligible for availing the benefits of this scheme only after it has obtained certification from the start-up certification board .
if you are on a boat
with effect from 1 .4 .1999 , only rehabilitation assistance was enhanced to rs . 20 ,000/- .
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister paid homage to the famous Assamese singer Deepali Borthakur , who passed away recently .
choosing unsaturated fats ( olive oil or sunflower oil ) instead of saturated fats ( butter , ghee , animal fat , coconut oil or palm oil ) .
every disabled person ( like the non-disabled ) on attainment of 18 years of age becomes eligible for inclusion of his name in the general electoral roll for the territorial constituency to which he belongs .
the most common injury following a disaster is cut feet .
More than ninety percent of the FDI approvals have been put on the automatic route . यह बहुत बड़ी बात है| We are now among the most open economies for FDI .
shram suvidha portal facilitates businessmen to get all kinds of registrations and submit returns that are required under labour laws at a single online window .
if we take in less or lose more fluid than is needed , the end result is dehydration .
regional focus
this treatment will take some of the heat out of the tissues and prevent further damage , reddening , blistering and pain
The President of Maldives is accompanied by his wife First Lady Fazna Ahmed and a high level delegation comprising of Minister of Foreign Affairs Abdulla Shahid , Minister of Finance Ibrahim Ameer , Minister of National Planning and Infrastructure Mohamed Aslam , Minister of Transport and Civil Aviation Aishath Nahula , Minister of Economic Development Uz Fayyaz Ismail , senior government officials , and a business delegation .
it is interoperable with other unified payment interface applications , and bank accounts .
annual lighting emission reduction of 9-63 kg is equivalent to 1-6 additional trees
do not hand over the card to anyone , even if he/she claims to represent the bank .
if the president so directs , there will be established a tribes advisory council in a state having scheduled tribes but not scheduled areas therein , consisting of not more than twenty members of whom , three-fourths shall be the representatives of the scheduled tribes in the legislative assembly of the state .
Extant policy provides for 49% FDI under automatic route in Power Exchanges registered under the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission ( Power Market ) Regulations , 2010 .
aadhar accepts 9 document types as proof of relationship .
the state programme implementation plans would be an aggregate of the district/city health action plans , and include activities to be carried out at the state level .
unit for stitching of coir bags/umbrella/jacket/chapels/curtain etc .
a requester needs to first register with an access gateway to on board digital locker system .
initially , victims may have vision problems , speaking and breathing trouble , and numbness .
based on the experience gained in the pilot phase , the scheme will be considered for implementation on a larger scale .
This is the place where Dr . Ambedkar attained Mahaparinirvana on 6th December 1956 .
bronchitis , new castle , infectious bursal ( typical brand name combo vec . 30 )
also , cars need to be refitted in order to accommodate hydrogen as fuel .
applications received from the eligible applicants under new category will be shortlisted on the basis of order of preference as mentioned below and percentage of marks obtained by them in minimum entry qualification
after authentication , the operator enters other details and provides customer with unique transaction reference no .
We welcome the establishment of Digital Economy Working Group within the framework of BRICS Business Council .
launching of innovation focused programs for students
14 . Effective harnessing of available platforms for inter sectoral convergent action on health .
The beneficiaries are the Reserve Bank of India and the Housing Sector .
the child 's brain grows as she or he sees , feels , tastes , smells and hears
wear light and loose clothes
and three , enable communication of approvals to the districts at the same time as to the state .
mortality ranges from 10 to 80 per cent depending on the pathogenicity .
keep food items covered .
early protection is critical  ; the immunizations in the first year and into the second year are especially important .
formation of rescue teams and activation of a treatment area and decontamination centre .
The Prime Minister will address a public gathering on this occasion .
produce any one of the following identity documents
all you have to do is verify yourself using aadhaar number ,
In case the two disputing parties belong to the same Ministry/Department , the Committee will comprise Secretary of the administrative Ministry/Department concerned , Secretary-D/o Legal Affairs and Secretary-Department of Public Enterprises .
this procedure should be administered continually until either the object is forced out or the victim becomes unconscious .
Prime Minister will distribute Golden Cards to select beneficiaries of PM-JAY- Ayushman Bharat scheme .
these include  : sale and procurement of children for any purpose including illegal adoption , corporal punishment in child care institutions , use of child by militant groups , offences against disabled children and , kidnapping and abduction of children .
The meeting was attended by the Cabinet Secretary , the Principal Secretary to the PM , the Additional Principal Secretary to the PM , the Home Secretary , and other senior officials from the IMD , NDRF , NDMA and PMO etc .
Rs 210 crore has been earmarked for the construction of the medical college and hostels for medical and para-medical college and residential buildings .
The Prime Minister has approved an ex- gratia of Rs . 2 lakh each from the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund for the next of kin of those who have lost their lives due to unseasonal rain and storms in MP , Rajasthan , Manipur & various parts of the country .
50 breaths a minute or more  ;
Czech Republic has cutting edge manufacturing technologies in heavy machinery and precision engineering .
class vi to viii rs .40/- per month for 10 months
select the department or ministry from you need information from select ministry/department/apex body drop down .
egg drop syndrome
families have fewer illnesses when they have an adequate supply of safe water and know how to keep it clean and free from germs .
to illustrate , reports such as those pertaining to crime against women & children , societal trends of crimes , patterns of crime involving groups belonging to a particular age or educational qualification and so on , crimes which are more prevalent in certain areas , can be generated from data in this portal .
The funds sharing pattern is 90 :10 in respect of North Eastern and Himalayan States ; and 100% in respect of Union Territories .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , received a telephone call today from the President of the World Bank , Mr . Jim Yong Kim .
Exploring opportunities for exchanges of scientists ;
The Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman Nidhi Yojana ( PM-KISAN ) was announced in the interim Budget 2019-20 on February 1 , 2019 .
diabetes can cause damage to the nerves throughout the body when blood glucose and blood pressure are too high .
each class room should have two doors for easy evacuation  ; adequate openings for ventilation and lighting are some of the essential elements that need to be accommodated in the design .
pain , swelling , and /or redness in the leg or breast
reduce annual electricity bills by around rs 730
the law allows the death sentence to be imposed where a person is convicted for a second time for  :
worms feed on host tissues , including blood , which leads to a loss of iron and protein and often contributes to anaemia .
the roof of pig house may be sheet or asbestos .
• Flagging off of First 12000 HP Freight Electric Locomotive and Champaran Humsafar Express .
the claimant has to submit documentary evidence of the accident , as also the medical certificate from a government civil surgeon or qualified government orthopaedician certifying permanent total/ partial disability due to accident , stating loss of limb/s of the member covered under the scheme .
the same examination shall be used for selection of candidates for the award of means-cum-merit scholarships in the state .
regulate the carrying on of business as money-lender by persons who lend money to members of the scheduled tribes in such area .
This will be the first ever Prime Ministerial visit to Palestine from India .
issuance of land passbooks with relevant information will be facilitated
Foundation Stone of Jhansi City Drinking Water Scheme Phase-II under AMRUT will also be laid by the PM .
He said that with the completion of this project , 1 .16 Gigawatts of power is now being supplied from India to Bangladesh .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Bilaspur in Himachal Pradesh , on Tuesday .
if any of these changes are marked or last for several days , seek help from a health worker .
for the summary of pattern of assistance , click here .
further , all the people already employed as manual scavengers are to be discharged immediately .
During the interaction , Prime Minister summarized various initiatives of the government in taking care of the old and elderly .
reach for dangling objects
vision
This roundtable will be attended by eminent educationists of India and key policy makers in Government of India and State Governments .
the scheme comprised of two major components , one for the consumers and the other for the merchants  :
The Prime Minister said that Laxman’s common man was timeless and pan-Indian .
do n't reconnect your power supply until a qualified engineer has checked it .
it can also be obtained through dietary sources such as fortified milk , vitamin fortified foods and fatty fish .
little or no reaction to loud sounds or bright lights
if you think that your social networking account details have been compromised or stolen , report your suspicions to the site 's support team immediately .
The Traditional Systems of Medicine in India are well organized , codified and well documented comprised of Ayurveda , Yoga & Naturopathy , Unani , Siddha , Sowa Rigpa and Homoeopathy .
many adolescents die from motor vehicles crashes under the influence of these substances .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Indian Community in Stockholm .
I wish President Lukashenku a memorable stay in India .
friends and interactions with her or his peer group are increasingly important
hold on and protect your head with a pillow , unless you are under a heavy light fixture that could fall .
The Union Cabinet today accorded ex post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers’ Welfare , India and the Ministry of Fisheries , Marine Resource and Agriculture , Maldives signed on 17th December , 2018 during the State visit of President of Maldives to India .
passing smaller amounts of urine
We have also de-notified some items earlier made exclusively by Ordnance Factories , so that the private sector , especially the micro , small and medium enterprises can enter this space .
promote participatory approaches
portability of gas connections
do n't eat any food that has come into contact with flood water .
56/1 , civil lines , opposite hostel , nagpur-440001 , maharashtra
remembering these passwords are very difficult so that remember a passphrase and make a strong password as below .
It will facilitate sharing of experience and expertise of both the parties in the area of recruitment .
He said BHU will work with AIIMS to develop a world class health institute .
drink chlorinated or boiled water .
if you have to step in water to get to the fuse box or circuit breaker , call an electrician first for advice .
to prevent possible organ damage to the fetus , women with type 1 diabetes or type 2 diabetes should achieve target glucose levels before conception .
Earlier in the day , PM laid the foundation stone for extension of Terminal Building of Surat Airport and inaugurated various developmental projects in Surat .
short message service only issues aadhaar and provides means to authenticate the same .
it will allow a customer to have multiple virtual addresses for multiple accounts in various banks .
child development refers to the changes that occur as a child grows and develops in relation to being physically healthy , mentally alert , emotionally sound , socially competent and ready to learn .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing Memorandum of Understanding between India and Kuwait for cooperation on the Recruitment of Domestic Workers .
signs commonly appear during the first week of life and between the second and third weeks .
make sentences of two or three words
mission
the intake capacity of undergraduate engineering colleges was more than 16 lakh in india which was almost same as seating capacity of industrial training institutes
Earlier in October 2015 , family members of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had met PM and requested for declassification of the files relating to Netaji , available with the Government of India .
the shady area conserves the moisture in the composting material .
a stroke is a medical emergency .
national rural health mission seeks to provide equitable , affordable and quality health care to the rural population , especially the vulnerable groups .
this will give the consumer better value for the gold deposited .
Brazil is one of the most important trading partners of India in the entire Latin America and Carribean region .
in addition , you can use the scan and pay option for merchant payments .
note 1  : so long as either of the parents ( or husband in the case of married unemployed girl student ) are alive , only income of the parents/husband , as the case may be , from all sources will be taken into account and of no other members even though they may be earning .
partnership with community and local bodies for a more proactive involvement in planning , implementation , and monitoring of health activities .
Our government has spent more than Rs . 10 ,600 crores in this sector in the three years .
most national and international layer breeders have eradicated lymphoid leukosis from their flocks .
high fever
the mission seeks to address the housing requirement of urban poor including slum dwellers through following programme verticals  :
3 cups of rice , 1 serving of fish/chicken , i cup of  ; dal , fried veg , i cup of curd , pickle , papad . 1 banana .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the revamped Khelo India programme at a cost of Rs .1 ,756 crore for the period 2017-18 to 2019-20 .
the final award is made on the basis of combined scores of interview .
the earth , water and the air are not a gift to us from our parents but a loan from our children .
however , the exit would be subject to the overriding condition that the amount of pension wealth to be annuitised should be sufficient to yield a minimum amount of rs . 1 ,000 per month .
Under Pradhan Mantri Urja Ganga Yojana , Varanasi , Bhubaneshwar , Cuttack , Patna , Ranchi and Jamshedpur are being connected through gas pipeline .
nine pillars of digital india
under the law ( copyright act 1957 section 63 ) , the punishment if you are being convicted for the first offence is jail time between six months and three years , with a fine between rupees 50 ,000 and rupees 200 ,000 .
The Agreement will be signed during the proposed VIP visit from Morocco from 11-18 November 2018 .
bend the right leg up to the bent position
monthly helper allowance admissible to any employee of the hostel willing to extend help to a severely orthopedically handicapped student residing in the hostel of an educational institution who may need the assistance of a helper .
chemical energy
advise the mother and family members on immunization
about protection of children from sexual offences act
understanding child rights and the roles that various stakeholders can play to protect them are covered in this section .
During the same event , the Prime Minister will inaugurate the 555-bed Super Speciality Block in Safdarjung Hospital .
symptoms
nominated officer may choose a gram panchayat from the rural area of any district in the country .
I will also meet Deputy Prime Minister for the Council of Ministers HH Sayyid Fahd bin Mahmoud Al Said and Deputy Prime Minister for International Relations and Cooperation Affairs HH Sayyid Asa’ad bin Tariq Al Said .
presently the following four modules have become live .
The MoU was signed at Sydney , Australia on 22ndNovember 2018 .
He said such development works empower citizens .
control of algal bloom
annual lighting emission reduction of 46 kg is equivalent to 4 additional trees .
­assessing the severity or magnitude of effects of any disaster .
“In Delhi , I interact with so many officials , many of whom belong to Bihar , ” the Prime Minister said .
the person who calls the doctor should explain the nature of the emergency and ask for advice on what should be done by the time the ambulance arrives .
bleeding from vagina or abnormal discharge
shred anything that contains credit card number written on it . ( bills etc )
parents or other caregivers need to know why immunization is important , the recommended immunization schedule , and where their children can be immunized .
income certificate ( rs .4000/- or less per month )
The required training to students and faculty from Afghanistan would be imparted by MHRD , Government of India .
there is need to ensure that all the existing and new infrastructure is resilient to locally relevant hazards through the design and construction processes .
The Prime Minister said that the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme is going to transform the health sector .
Deputy Chief Minister of Gujarat Shri Nitin Patel
He asserted that the farmers are the ones , who take the country forward .
digital empowerment of citizens
however plot of smaller area/size can be considered in case of economically weaker sections , scheduled castes and scheduled tribes provided the standards and specifications laid down in pradhan mantri awaas yojana are broadly followed .
The benefits of Kisan Credit Card have also been launched for our fishermen and women .
coverage of the scheme
to ensure adequate availability of trainers in the skills space .
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure .
is it necessary to submit aadhaar in bank while transaction amount is inr 50 ,000 or above  ?
overview of startup india action plan
generally it will cover all villages falling within 15 km from the boundary limits of the piped natural gas distributorship location and or the area specified by the respective durgam kshetriya vitrak .
the mission mode project of national scholarships portal under the national e-governance plan aims at providing common electronic portal for implementing various scholarships schemes launched by union government , state government and union territories across the country .
providing access to sufficient quantities of safe water ,
please don ’ t use ‘ password , ’ and avoid using publicly available information like your phone number in your passwords .
announcement of the scheme
as pilot ( driver )  :
hydrogen is produced for non - energy applications e .g . in fertilizer industries and petroleum refineries .
user downloads the payee application from the app store / banks website
This will be the first visit by an Indian Prime Minister to Rwanda and the first visit by our Prime Minister to Uganda in over 20 years .
well-fitting brassieres can help support the breasts as they get bigger and tender .
this will be achieved through a culture of prevention , mitigation and preparedness to generate a prompt and efficient response at the time of disasters .
foods should be freshly prepared and given to the child five or six times a day .
invest in disaster risk reduction for resilience through structural , non-structural and financial measures , as well as comprehensive capacity development
for local traders , national agriculture market will provide access to larger national market for secondary trading .
the maximum number of lives ( 11 ,316 ) was lost in the year 1977 .
avoiding a task or challenge without trying , or showing signs of helplessness
promotion of commercial organic production through certified organic farming .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Bolivia on Cooperation in the field of Geology and Mineral Resources .
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will join the nation tomorrow in celebrations of the concluding ceremony of Centenary of Champaran Satyagraha in Bihar .
deen dayal upadhyaya follows a 3-tier implementation model .
tobacco use—both smoked and smokeless—during adolescence increases the risk of persistent nicotine addiction , leading to regular and sustained tobacco use in adulthood .
The Prime Minister complimented the coaches of the medal winners for their contribution in raising India’s profile on the global stage .
all items of furniture such as almirahs , shelves , black boards etc . , as well as any other items that may fall and cause injury to students and teachers such as ceiling fans , coolers , water tanks etc . need to be secured to the walls or floor .
an award is being instituted from the “ beti bachao beti padhao  ” abhiyan for school management committees which achieve 100 % transition of girls at different levels of education .
one year after the fourth dose , or during a subsequent pregnancy .
hand hygiene ( wash hands with soap and water before preparing food or eating , after passing stools , coughing or sneezing ) .
He said that this would definitely enhance their abilities , and give them a sense of calm .
learn about the privacy settings on your social media accounts to control who can contact you .
blurred vision
implementation of the scheme
Once again my humble tribute to revered Baba Saheb .
Young India feels “Anything is possible!
in the workplace , pregnant women and mothers should be protected from discrimination and exposure to health risks and granted time to breastfeed or express breast milk .
they could help you avoid using them .
In that context , India has to make its place in the world , he added .
office of chief commissioner of persons with disabilities has been strengthened who will now be assisted by 2 commissioners and an advisory committee comprising of not more than 11 members drawn from experts in various disabilities .
the earth 's crust is divided into seven major plates , that are about 50 miles thick , which move slowly and continuously over the earth 's interior and several minor plates .
besides these details , other design solutions in line with the whole school development concept need to be incorporated to promote safety and child friendly features .
About opposition , PM said that people have seen the work a government with an absolute majority can do and they have seen the work of his Government .
to provide existing workers in this sector the opportunity to have long-term sustainable livelihoods through infrastructure and up-skilling .
premature or prelabour rupture of membranes
check for gas leaks .
house rent allowance received by the parents of a student be exempted from the computation of 'income ' if the same has been permitted to be exempted for purpose of income-tax .
it is always best to consult a doctor
the floor of the pen remains clean and dry due to the sawdust .
this minimum pension ceiling may be revised from time to time .
service also offered through micro to serve the rural populace
child pornography on the internet constitutes one serious cybercrime .
activities in an adarsh gram
the majority of theory and practice of sowa-rigpa is similar to “ ayurveda  ” .
The Prime Minister stressed on the need for development , especially the need for progress of the weaker and marginalized sections of society .
sansad adarsh gram yojana
when you see signs of tooth decay consult a dentist immediately .
these are plants of weed species which are harmful in one or more of the following ways .
if a student is found to have obtained a scholarship by false statements , his/her scholarship will be cancelled forthwith and the amount of the scholarship paid will be recovered , at the discretion of the concerned state government .
the disaster management act 2005
they are more likely to marry later , have fewer and better-spaced pregnancies , and seek prenatal and post-natal care .
loss of initiative  : a person with alzheimer ’ s disease may become very passive , sitting in front of the tv for hours , sleeping more than usual or not wanting to do usual activities .
The Prime Minister was briefed on the action taken to ensure speedy and effective disposal of consumer grievances .
always use freshly prepared neem seed kernel extract
programmes catering to the basic needs of older persons particularly food , shelter and health care to the destitute elderly  ;
The place with unlimited opportunity from farm to fork .
millions of child deaths from pneumonia can be prevented if  :
on farm water management
it is readily available .
the ducks lay eggs for two years , after which they should be culled .
it is not mandatory to wash the animal daily when slated floors are used-except in summer months to reduce the heat load , provided the floor is clean .
monitor the implementation of apprenticeship training
b . Expert missions , exchange of experience and personnel ; and
infrastructure for home delivery of piped natural gas cylinders -
key points
osteoporosis shows no symptoms and is usually part of the normal aging process .
for basic training provider
actual holder of the subscription voucher & equipment to submit an undertaking indemnifying the oil company against any claims on account of such transfer of connection . – format available with the distributor
since 1950 , the region has experienced several moderate earthquakes .
a sudden , severe `` bolt out of the blue '' headache , which may be accompanied by vomiting , dizziness or altered consciousness , may indicate having a stroke .
the first instalment of pension shall be paid after 1 year , 6 months , 3 months or 1 month from the date of purchase of the same depending on the mode of pension payment i .e . yearly , half-yearly , quarterly or monthly respectively .
key points
security deposit at prevailing rate shall be collected from the holder of the equipment and fresh subscription voucher issued in his/her name .
Both Prime Ministers agreed to close cooperation in the UN , and other multilateral fora .
digi dhan vyapar yojana ( merchants )
public trusts registered under any law for the time being in force
remember that parents want the best for their children .
loan facility is available after completion of 3 policy years .
provision for continuous supply of comparable material by careful maintenance .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of Framework Agreement between India and Sao Tome & Principe on Cooperation in the Exploration and Uses of Outer Space for Peaceful Purposes .
you will then receive an email confirming the registration and advising details of procedure .
chickens 14 weeks and older are more susceptible than young chickens .
He said that the Tarakote Marg would provide an alternative route to the Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine , which would facilitate pilgrims .
there are an estimated 77 .2 million people in india who are suffering from pre-diabetes .
a clean , private space should be provided to allow them to clean themselves and wash and dry their cloths .
To establish a Joint Exchange Program to identify and foster talented young scientists from both the countriesto collaborate in the field of theoretical biology
all faeces , even those of infants and young children , carry germs and are dangerous .
the implementation of skilling activities under the mission will be as per the budget provisions of various schemes under their respective heads of account .
also , if you are not satisfied with bank ’ s response then you can put your case before banking ombudsman
the ` vittiya saksharta abhiyan ’ , an initiative of the ministry of human resource development , aims to actively engage the youth/ students of higher education institutions to encourage and motivate all payers and payees to use a digitally enabled cashless economic system for transfer of funds .
attract greater private investments in irrigation .
“Remembering Nanaji Deshmukh on his birth anniversary .
pursuing first professional degree programme in the field of engineering , medicine , dental , veterinary , nursing , agriculture , etc . diploma and graduation etc . in accordance with the guidelines as mentioned in para- 8 ( b ) .
He also directed the Road and Surface Transport Ministry to take effective steps for repair of roads damaged and also provide all assistance to the State in this regard .
One of the major attractions today is Ahmedabad Shopping Festival– 2019 which will be inaugurated by the Prime Minister later this evening .
all weather road connectivity to the main road-network
both mothers and fathers and other caregivers should give equal attention and care to both girls and boys .
reliefs under the domestic violence act can also be asked for in other legal proceedings e .g . petition for divorce , maintenance , section 498a , etc
enrolling again is a waste of your time as you will get only one aadhaar number .
childbirth is more likely to be difficult and dangerous for an adolescent than for an adult .
support from parents , other caregivers , teachers and the community is very important .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today attended the National Conference on the theme “Agriculture-2022 : Doubling Farmers’ Incomes ” organised at NASC Complex , Pusa , Delhi .
He said that he had asked the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh , Yogi Adityanath , to send a team to Gujarat and study the Pashu Arogya Melas .
Shri Narendra Modi , laid wreath and paid homage to the martyrs at the National Police Memorial .
broken jewellery or jewellery that you do n't want to wear can earn interest for you in gold .
The President of the Republic of Korea , Mr . Moon Jae-in , First Lady of the Republic of Korea , Kim Jung-sook , and former Secretary General of the United Nations , Mr . Ban Ki-moon , were present on the occasion .
nausea
Processing and use of space data
If we talk about the three years of this government , then more than 22 ,000 megawatt renewable energy capacity has been connected to the grid power .
after entering valid mobile pin or short name , menu will appear with different options of available services enabled for your bank .
The Prime Minister said that Vajpayee ji changed the global narrative on Kashmir .
Protocol for Consultations between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and MEA for the period 2019-2023
hence , total housing shortage envisaged to be addressed through the new mission is 20 million .
a trained health worker can provide women who are antiretroviral-positive with information on antiretroviral therapy , a group of medicines for people with hiv infection .
after harvesting partially , the stock is replenished with the same number of fingerlings .
one may also notice that the hair is generally thinner and that one or more bald patches have appeared .
Protocol between India and Israel on Amendments to the Air Transport Agreement
beediworkers - rs .10 ,000/-
requesting money
the baby may be ill and should be checked by a trained health worker .
loaning period ( loan sanctioned ) for loanee farmers covered on compulsory basis .
application process
A Mahatma Gandhi Museum was inaugurated at Alfred High School , Rajkot in 2018 .
it is imperative to take better operations and maintenance actions .
clothing and other articles accidentally set alight
powdered breast milk substitutes may contain harmful bacteria that can cause illness .
the first dose of tetanus toxoid should be given just after the first trimester , or as soon as the woman registers for anc whichever is later .
the family for this purpose will comprise of pensioner , his/her spouse and dependants .
operationalisation of cost effective and proven technologies for development of various categories of wastelands specially problem lands affected by soil erosion , land degradation , salinity , alkalinity , water logging etc . ,
Dr . Abbas Akhundi , Minister of Road and Urban Development
hypothyroidism
living in consonance with nature – ensuring a balance between development and ecology
this is a life-threatening disease .
the district administration in a convergence approach shall undertake measures for providing safe and secure environment for the capacity building of child bonded labourers in coordination with all relevant government departments .
I welcome Prime Minister Netanyahu and members of the Israeli Delegation on behalf of all my countrymen .
in respect of employee belonging to all india service , the comments may be hosted on website of the cadre controlling authority and on the website of the state on whose cadre they were borne .
they should also be certain to drink plenty of liquids .
prevention
The Prime Minister said that India has set a target to eliminate TB by 2025 , which is well before the global target of 2030 .
to access the form , click here .
on a more debilitating note , it could be diabetes , a heart attack or a stroke that can affect not just the person concerned , but the entire family .
link manipulation
national disaster management plan
Similarly , sanctions have been given to build more than one crore houses in the rural areas compared to 25 lakh sanctions by the previous government in its last 4 years .
second phase
be aware that some earthquakes are actually foreshocks and a larger earthquake might occur .
if there is no a table or desk near you , cover your face and head with your arms and crouch in an inside corner of the building .
bringing about transparency , accountability and probity in public life
These projects are spread over several states including Himachal Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh , Odisha , Andhra Pradesh , Gujarat , Maharashtra , Assam , Sikkim , West Bengal , Bihar , Tamil Nadu and Jharkhand .
The Prime Minister observed that some people say that today’s youth does not have ‘Dhairya’ or patience .
promoting startups in the biotechnology sector
in order to motivate the policemen to take up such causes with sincerity and empathy , police officers from different states who had played a commendable role during the campaign are also recognized and rewarded by the union home ministry .
the national trust shall be bound by the provisions of this act regarding its accountability , monitoring finance , accounts and audit .
due to the anonymous nature of the internet , it is possible to engage into a variety of criminal activities with impunity and people with intelligence , have been grossly misusing this aspect of the internet to perpetuate criminal activities in cyberspace .
is it valid  ?
use a cold cycle in the washing machine
she agrees , but because she thinks the accused person is her husband , or
some of the medical disorders during this period are , puerperal sepsis or infection of the uterus and surrounding tissues ,
37 . The Prime Minister and His Royal Highness condemned in the strongest terms , the recent terrorist attack on Indian security forces on 14 February , 2019 in Pulwama in Jammu & Kashmir .
government contribution  :
similarly , online pedophiles , using internet to induce minor children into sex , are as much cybercriminals as any others .
In Singapore I will be focusing on enhancing India-Singapore partnership in areas of Fintech , skill development , urban planning and artificial intelligence .
children and pregnant women exposed to smoke from tobacco or cooking fires are particularly at risk of pneumonia or other breathing illnesses .
the indian food composition tables is an attempt to capture and provide nutritional information of indian food .
monthly transport allowance , if such students do not reside in the hostel which is with in the premises of the educational institution .
diarrhoeal group of diseases including cholera
importance of integrated farming systems
due to the spasms in the gullet , it becomes impossible for the patient to swallow followed by aerophobia and increased salvation .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today launched the India Post Payments Bank ( IPPB ) at Talkatora Stadium in New Delhi .
• A nursing college with an int-ake of 60 B .Sc .( Nursing ) students per year , residential complexes and allied facilities / services , broadly on the pattern of AIIMS , New Delhi .
mobilize & train panchayati raj institutions/urban local bodies/ grassroot workers as catalysts for social change , in partnership with local community/women ’ s/youth groups .
Prime Minister also talked about the importance of National Knowledge Network ( NKN ) in building a strong Digital India .
It also aims to bring about innovative best practices , so as to achieve excellence in public administration in the context of improving online public service delivery .
Former Director , Delhi Fire Services ; and
the fact of the matter is that there are no laws relating to cybercrime in the philippines .
as vehicle mechanic  :
make skin-to-skin contact and breastfeed within one hour of birth
lay down broad policies and guidelines for the functioning of the national institute of disaster management .
breast milk is the best source of liquid and food for a young child with diarrhoea .
ek bharat shreshtha bharat
raising chickens over the pond has maximizes the use of space , saves labour in transporting manure to the ponds .
blindness
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has addressed the conference earlier in Guwahati , Assam in 2014 , Dhordo , Rann of Kutch , Gujarat in 2015 and National Police Academy , Hyderabad in 2016 .
He congratulated the State Government for this achievement .
the ministry of labour conducts competitions to foster the healthy spirit of competitiveness among the trainee craftsmen/ apprentices .
contesting opposition , if any , by other parties , and
soil samples are taken generally two times in a year , after harvesting of rabi and kharif crop respectively or when there is no standing crop in the field .
the organization is initiated and governed by its own members on democratic principles .
The Banning of Unregulated Deposit Schemes Bill , 2018 was introduced in Parliament on 18th July , 2018 and was referred to the SCF , which submitted its Seventieth Report on the said Bill to Parliament on 3rd January , 2019 .
this ensures that the source of data is authenticated besides ensuring that no duplicate exists .
wear lightweight , light - coloured , loose , and porous cotton clothes
the following services can be accessed on registration .
communication
Highlighting Government’s efforts to help those engaged in Animal Husbandry , he said credit of Rs . 3 lakh under Kisan Credit Card has been extended to them .
“I bow to the venerable Shyamji Krishna Varma on his Jayanti .
components of national career service
families and communities can especially help pregnant women , mothers and their children by supporting smoke-free environments so they do not inhale damaging secondary tobacco smoke .
Twenty years ago in a historic address at Pokhran , our great Prime Mnister Atal Ji had recognized the contributions of science and technology for India .
He will lay the foundation stone for Bhadbhut Barrage , to be built over the Narmada River .
virtual address of the customer for pull & push provides for incremental security with the customer not required to enter the details such as card no , account number etc .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for transfer of all land assets owned by Hindustan Vegetable Oils Corporation Ltd ( HVOC ) to Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs ( MoHUA ) or its authorized agency for appropriate utilization/ disposal .
three of the six services viz . immunization , health check-up and referral services are related to health and are provided through national health mission and public health infrastructure .
initial minimum contribution amount to be deposited at the time of registration is rs .100/- only .
A group of about 40 enthusiasts with experience in mountaineering , who are embarking on an expedition to raise awareness on cleaning the River Ganga , called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
the disaster invited attention of affected countries for setting up effective tsunami early warning system and institutional mechanism for handling disasters .
annual lighting emission reduction of 172 kg is equivalent to 17 additional trees
the quantum of assistance to be met from the `` central quota '' and the awardees will be decided by the central government on the recommendations of the expert committee after ascertaining the financial position of the applicant .
The Indian Ocean has shaped much of India’s history .
wash cloths used to clean dishes or pans thoroughly every day and dry them in the sun .
phase iii ( april 2019 - march 2022 ) to cover all other remaining cities
user gets confirmation screen to review the payment details and clicks on confirm
`` scholarships shall not be awarded for training courses like aircraft maintenance engineer 's course and private pilot license courses , courses at training-ship duffer in ( now rajendra ) , course of training at the military college , dehradun , courses at pre-examination training centres of all india and state levels and trade courses at the industrial training institutes . ''
mosquitoes are on the move at these times in search of prey and of a more pleasant environment .
The MoUs/ MoCs facilitate exchange of technical experts , reports and technical documents , training and seminars/ workshops focusing on specific technology areas and other interactions for knowledge sharing .
mentally ill persons can not be used without their own valid consent for purposes of research , though they could receive their diagnosis and treatment .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval forentering into an Agreement between India and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ( HKSAR ) of China for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to taxes on income .
The Prime Minister congratulated the crew on the success of their mission .
class ix to x rs .50/- per month for 10 months
refuse additional packaging and reuse bags as much as possible
if you are threatened with harm , inform the local cyber crime police
hazards include structural and non- structural factors .
funds transfer
overview and causes of common cold
studies suggest that children fed breast milk substitutes , as compared to breastfed children , are at greater risk of childhood obesity and some chronic illnesses , such as heart disease , later in life .
her child is also more likely to have coughs , colds , croup , pneumonia or other breathing problems .
the expressed milk can be given to the child by another caregiver from a clean cup .
if the social media platform is not being responsive or you are unhappy with the results , then you can also file a criminal complaint at the local police station or cyber cell .
the ugc has launched a new scheme , dr . s . radhakrishnan post doctoral fellows in social sciences including languages .
high out of pocket expenses being incurred by pregnant women and their families in the case of institutional deliveries in form of drugs , user charges , diagnostic tests , diet , for c –sections .
The Scheme aims at completion of the on-going projects already approved under FMP .
The Prime Minister said Union Ministers , and officials from the Union Government are visiting the North-East regularly .
reducing local pollution of air , water and land
an external dedicated and sensitive support structure is required to induce the social mobilization , institution building and empowerment process .
Implementation Strategy and Targets :
I , on behalf of 1 .25 billion Indians , also extend warm greetings for the progress and prosperity of the people of Palestine .
the member whose child is eligible for scholarship shall fill up an application form half yearly and submit it to the nodal agency .
· Meeting of the BRICS Ministers of Foreign Affairs/International Relations – 4 June ( Pretoria )
In addition to healthcare , it will also provide medical education at the under-graduate and post-graduate level , besides nursing .
it can be used as fuel in rockets .
slowness of movement
theft
seed quality is the possession of seed with required genetic and physical purity that is accompanied with physiological soundness and health status .
The Prime Minister said that through volunteering efforts , a lot can be done in the agriculture sector .
coir pith is an aerobic composting .
code consists of black modules arranged in a square pattern on a white background .
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 1428 per air conditioner .
have someone call for medical assistance while you apply first aid .
use only clean litter , preferably soft wood shavings .
adolescents should be encouraged to avoid smoking and caution their friends about its dangers .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post facto approval to the signing of MoU between India and Morocco in the field of mining and geology .
one year after the third dose , or during a subsequent pregnancy .
mahila coir yojana
scholarship and other grant ,
at any point in time before 60 years of age
The Prime Minister said that it is necessary to reduce human intervention in processes , and increase the use of modern and digital technologies .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Varanasi , Kanpur and Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh on 8th March 2019 .
industry-academia partnership and incubation
heavier infections can cause a range of symptoms including diarrhea , abdominal pain , and weakness .
regularly check the contents of backup files of databases for any unauthorized encrypted contents of data records or external elements , ( backdoors /malicious scripts . )
Prime Minister Modi and Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu today visited the Centre of Excellence for Vegetables in Vadrad in Sabarkantha District of Gujarat .
the more often mothers , fathers and other caregivers play with , talk to and respond to the child , the faster she or he learns .
all adults should be at least functionally literate , and should have access to facilities for continuing education .
• Ranchi City Gas Distribution Project by GAIL
breastfeeding can comfort a child who is upset and is an important source of nourishment during a child 's illness .
motivation sessions with students/parents
I pray for the safety of those missing “ , the Prime Minister said .
your mobile phone is a more secure identification method than your recovery email address or a security question because , unlike the other two , you have physical possession of your mobile phone .
joint stiffness
Speaking about the opportunity to hand over RuPay cards to women Self Help Groups , the Prime Minister said that he is happy to see enthusiasm towards digital transactions .
higher physical soundness and weight
recent studies show that many brands of bottled water contain high levels of contaminants .
eat together so that food is not heated multiple time
neeranchal watershed program
Under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme 5 .5 Cr . person days have been sanctioned in the labour budget 2018-19 .
they occur when the arteries to brain are narrowed or blocked , causing severely reduced blood flow .
how much oral rehydration salts drink to give  ?
residents can share private documents with requesters by sharing a link to the e-document to the email address of the requester .
He also referred to the recent increase in MSP of Kharif crops , which will benefit farmers .
mitigating heat wave
eggshells become rough and the egg white becomes watery .
antiretroviral therapy can help reduce the risk of mother-to-child transmission of antiretroviral and contribute to keeping the mother healthy .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today attended the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi .
early registration  :
this turning of material indirectly aerates the substrate .
He also mentioned about the benefits of PM KisanSammanNidhi and Ayushman Bharat Yojana .
Background :
PM said that India’s multi-dimensional heritage was well reflected in the works of Gurudev .
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation :-
the pigs attain slaughter size ( 70-80kg ) within 6-7 months .
advantages of cyber laws
for example , a police officer tracking down a shipment of drugs by monitoring emails received by a woman .
organic farming will be promoted by using traditional resources and the organic products will be linked with the market .
Mr . Kono briefed the Prime Minister about the follow-up action taken in recent months after the visit of Prime Minister Modi to Japan in October 2018 .
wannacry encrypts the files on infected windows systems .
· Meeting of BRICS Finance Deputies – 17 to 20 March ( Buenos Aires )
mobile banking registration/generate payee
post-matric scholarship scheme to obc
violence and injuries
the village should have slush-free internal roads , and adequate street lighting .
again , it is important that the child ’ s education is not affected .
the house should be well-ventilated and so designed that the washings are drained into the pond .
Following is the text of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Singapore .
private organizations offering high tech services like pathology , sonography etc . could be permitted to set up their units within the hospital premises in return for providing their services at a rate fixed by the rogi kalyan samiti
PM also distributed keys to some beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana in Surat .
the bharat net operator will authenticate the customer using aadhaar .
preponderance of tribal population  ;
user can transfer funds by using mobile pin and account number of the beneficiary .
The Prime Minister said that several countries across the world have developed elaborate capacities to hold conferences .
families and communities can encourage employers to provide paid maternity leave , crèches , and the time and a suitable place for women to breastfeed or express and store their milk .
The Prime Minister unveiled plaques to mark the laying of foundation stones for a bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka ; and other road development projects .
• The approved cost of relining of Sirhind Feeder Canal is Rs . 671 .478 Cr and that of relining of Rajasthan Feeder Canal is Rs . 1305 .267 Cr , at 2015 PL .
a child 's brain develops rapidly during the first five years of life , especially the first three years .
prizes for merchants for all digital transactions conducted at merchant establishments
He will visit the Hatkeshwar Temple .
bangalore method
We are also working together on the reforms of the UN Security Council .
if casualty becomes unconscious , check breathing and place casualty in the recovery position
world meteorological organization defines a heat wave as five or more consecutive days during which the daily maximum temperature exceeds the average maximum temperature by five degrees celsius .
educate yourself and family members
flat allotment / possession letter
the innovative electronic vaccine intelligence network is presently being implemented called across twelve states in india .
The MoU on the Joint Issue of Postage Stamp was signed on 24th July 2018 .
the basic theory of sowa-rigpa may be adumbrated in terms of the following five points  :
He said that her compassion is reflected in the attention to detail that has been given in this project .
the board will also provide following machineries under scheme in subsidised rate to the women candidates who have successfully completed the training programme .
six inches of moving water can make you fall .
My Ministerial Colleagues Dr . Harsh Vardhan , Dr . Mahesh Sharma , Shri Manoj Sinha
it is the method of increased feeding to sows and gilts before breeding to enhance litter size .
new patient will get appointment as well as unique health identification number .
( issued by mop , vide their letter no . 42/1/2001-d dated 5th february 2004 and its corrigendum vide letter no . 42/1/2001-d dated 17th february 2004 . )
He said this closeness is evident in the frequent interactions between him and the Bangladesh Prime Minister .
severe iodine deficiency can cause cretinism ( stunted physical and mental growth ) , stillbirth , miscarriage and increased risk of infant mortality
ash ( % )
In the Water Supply and Sanitation sector , he unveiled a plaque to mark the foundation stone of Motijheel Project , the Bettiah Nagar Parishad Water Supply Scheme , and four Ganga Projects , namely : the Saidpur Sewage Network , Patna ; the Pahari Sewage Network , Zone 4 , Patna ; the Pahari Sewagw Network , Zone 5 , Patna ; and the Pahari STP project .
We have to create the India that our freedom fighters dreamt of , Shri Narendra Modi asserted .
incomplete treatment regimens can also lead to the development of drug resistance among people in the local area .
when it is burned , it doesn ’ t emit harmful substances .
The Prime Minister said that the world’s attention is being drawn to India , and people are coming to invest here .
leading donors
The Prime Minister said that structural and long terms measures are required to overcome the challenges faced by the country , instead of poorly thought out short term ones .
establish a national network of incubators , accelerators and credit agencies .
The Indian Ocean connects regions of diverse cultures and different levels of peace and prosperity .
MoU between PrasarBharati and Jordan TV
childline stands for a friendly 'didi ' or a sympathetic 'bhaiya ' who is always there for vulnerable children 24 hours of the day , 365 days of the year .
organisation structure
Minister for Petroleum and Natural Gas , India
pension management company limited
the health worker should inform parents and other caregivers about  :
a pedigree certificate is issued by the producing breeder .
performance in swachh bharat mission ( grameen ) .
if a scholar is unable to appear in the annual examination owing to illness and or on account of any other unforeseeable event , the award may be renewed for the next academic year on submission of medical certificate and/or other required sufficient proof to the satisfaction of the head of the institution and his/her certifying that the scholar would have passed had he appeared in the examination .
young birds have trouble breathing and gasp for air .
With the objective of conservation and protection of the coastal environment , Ministry of Environment and Forest and Climate Change notified the Coastal Regulation Zone Notification in 1991 , which was subsequently revised in 2011 .
the list of industries which use hazardous processes is provided under the law - the factories act , 1948 .
eligibility
Speaking on India’s Foreign Policy , PM said , in last 5 years , India has played a great role in humanitarian works be it relief activities during earthquake in Nepal , Water crisis in Maldives or rescuing citizens in Yemen .
actual financial assistance will be provided for admission & course /tuition fee and maintenance allowance as given below subject to a maximum ceiling indicated against item concerned  :
send interview invites
12 . The two sides noted with satisfaction the cooperation in the field of agricultural research and education , especially through the rapid progress in operationalizing the Advanced Centre for Agricultural Research and Education set up at the Yezin Agricultural University and the Rice Bio Park set up at the Department of Agricultural Research .
· The thrust of the Institute is to become a prestigious Institute in the field of Corporate Laws while enhancing its resources and revenues .
slums , whether on central government land/state government land , private land , should be taken up for “ in-situ  ” redevelopment for providing houses to all eligible slum dwellers .
observe your child ’ s behavior closely .
paralysis or numbness on one side of your body or face  :
“Anguished by the capsizing of a boat in Andhra Pradesh’s East Godavari district .
a few common methods include electrolysis , from steam and hydro carbon or carbon , reaction of metals with acids , ionic metal hydrides with water , etc .
when a cyclone makes landfall , rain rapidly saturates the catchment areas and the rapid runoff may extensively flood the usual water sources or create new ones .
in addition , existing capital gain tax exemption for investment in newly formed manufacturing startups by individuals shall be extended to all startups .
in establishing integrated farming systems depending on the farmer ’ s preference , suitable agro-climate , available technology and marketing facilities , natural resources conservation employing available modern concepts of farming systems are essential and vital for sustainable agricultural development and ensuring greater livelihood of the indigenous farming communities of the region .
The Prime Minister appealed that those entrusted with the responsibility of ensuring rules and ethics in various financial institutions , should work with full dedication – especially those who are responsible for supervising and monitoring .
the activities of childline include
older persons should have access to appropriate educational and training programmes .
this means that it can accomplish more with less .
organising photography competitions highlighting culture and heritage of the partner state
similar layers are laid one over the other till the material rises 0 .75 above the ground level .
PM will Flag-off Bhusaval- Bandra Khandesh Express Train through video link .
this is not restricted to having sex .
appointment of facilitators
grievances of all nature to be submitted to the gram panchayat / charge officer and dated receipt to be given
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has approved implementation of Shahpurkandi Dam Project , Punjab on river Ravi .
Once again , I pay tribute to this great man .
in the workplace , pregnant women and mothers should be protected from discrimination and exposure to health risks and granted time to breastfeed or express breastmilk .
merchant payment using bank app
Government had announced setting up of two additional SPRs during the budget announcement for 2017-18 .
the indian penal code is not limited to sexual harassment at the workplace , but punishes such harassment done anywhere .
“The martyrdom of Bhagat Singh , Rajguru and Sukhdev was a watershed moment in our history .
the bank returned the cheque and informed you that the cheque amount can not be paid to you  ;
messages that claimed to be from a bank told users to dial a phone number regarding problems with their bank accounts .
Union Ministers Shri Arun Jaitley and Shri Dharmendra Pradhan ; Vice-Chairman NITI Aayog Dr . Rajiv Kumar and senior officials from the Union Government and NITI Aayog were also present at the interaction .
skill development of all eligible youth for self-employment and placement
the world health organisation ( who ) defines adolescence both in terms of age ( spanning the ages between 10 and 19 years ) and in terms of a phase of life marked by special attributes .
The scope of BUR is to provide an update to India’s first BUR to UNFCCC .
On the eve of the birth anniversary of Dr . Babasaheb Ambedkar , Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the Dr . Ambedkar National Memorial at 26 , Alipur Road in Delhi on April 13th .
Myanmar welcomed India’s offer to help set up a training centre for police officers in Yangon and it was decided that modalities would be jointly worked out .
`` what the surgery does is that it disconnects the harmful part of the brain from the rest of the brain .
in the event of potential radiological consequences in the public domain , all the authorities at the three levels , i .e . , district , state and central , will play a vital role .
original death certificate along with a copy duly attested .
locate mobile towers in vicinity of any locality -
capacity development
heat cramps
forcibly taking away salary , income or wages etc .
user now enters last 6 digits of debit card number and expiry date
Now , the State Government has requested Government of India to consider extension of the earlier approved implementation schedule of the Special Package and continued funding of DAY-NRLM in Jammu and Kashmir on a demand driven basis without linking allocation with poverty ratio during this extended period .
separates itself from the rest etc .
premium payable rs .15/- for a one year policy while rs .45/- for a 3-year policy .
migraine headaches
process to access information under right to information
The transparency in the scheme has helped in identifying ghost accounts , multiple accounts and inactive accounts .
laying boxes with straw may be kept in the duck house .
financial allocation
so you follow a link in the message that supposedly lead backs to the website spoofed login page .
in - situ moisture conservation and other allied activities on watershed basis .
stroke or transient ischemic attack
the micro will support the following means of authentication for interoperable transactions  :
Over 9 Crore Families have got the benefits of Swachh Bharat Mission .
if you have observed that the law is being violated by someone , you can file a complaint with the police or the magistrate .
At every step , we have shared our experience and resources across a range of sectors : from strengthening democratic institutions to deploying high-tech solutions for public good .
ishan uday
an individual can obtain multiple aadhaar numbers
types of coma  ?
maintain good record of egg production and other farm records .
The foundation stone of NRL Bio Refinery at Numaligarh and a 729 km gas pipeline from Barauni – Guwahati passing through Bihar , West Bengal , Sikkim & Assam will be laid by PM on this occasion .
for a normal citizen owning a house provides significant economic and social security and status in society .
Moreover , these mile-stones have been achieved even before some of the major recent reforms .
be careful how you respond , or don ’ t respond at all .
His first visit to the city was in December 2015 , when he unveiled the statue of R . Sankar .
with family planning services they are enabled to make informed decisions on pregnancy by taking into account the benefits and risks , including those related to age and level of access to health services .
intranasal or intraocular
once the above process is completed successfully , you can sign in to your digital locker account with aadhaar or entering username & passward or sign in with social media accounts .
osteoclasts  :
The Project will have non-fare box revenue from rental & advertisement as well as Value Capture Financing ( VCF ) through mechanism of Transit Oriented Development ( TOD ) and Transfer of Development Rights ( TDR ) .
esign application programming interfaces define the major architectural components and also describe the format and elements of communication among the stake holders like application service provider , certifying authorities , trusted third parties , aadhaar esign service and application gateway .
whether cheque book will be issued in accounts opened under pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana  ?
build an insanitary latrine , or
individuals or organizations are not encouraged to pay the ransom , as this does not guarantee files will be released .
services offered
This is a jump of the order of twenty times .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today unveiled important projects related to housing and urban transportation during his visit to Maharashtra .
national means-cum-merit scholarship scheme
 , it indicates that the woman has severe anemia and needs immediate referral to the doctor .
to verify if your mobile number is linked with your bank account , bharat interface for money app sends an queries to your mobile number .
Manythanks for your phone call .
drudgery involved in collection of fuel
it can be used in conventional healing equipment or diesel engine with no major modification .
peer learning and mentoring opportunities for meritorious students
various types of unsolicited contents available on internet must be blocked .
Based on their shared vision , the two Prime Ministers reiterated their unwavering commitment to working together towards a free and open Indo-Pacific .
He said this Conference is helping top police officers get a more holistic view of problems and challenges .
Government is working on almost Rs1000 crore worth of projects for improving connectivity of the state .
the adults around them smoke ,
The MoU is proposed to be signed during the upcoming visit of the WIP from Denmark to India in January , 2019 .
inspect foundations for cracks or other damage .
the mother of such a child can make an application on behalf of her minor child ( whether male or female ) .
diabetics
The cost of the project is Rs .1351 crore .
it will be renewed from year to year provided that within a course which is continuous for a number of years , the scholar secures promotion to the next higher class irrespective of the fact whether such examinations are conducted by a university or the institution .
extra tropical cyclones occur in temperate zones and high latitude regions , though they are known to originate in the polar regions .
the sun and other stars are composed largely of hydrogen .
worldwide , nearly 60 per cent of women of childbearing age were in the labour force as of 2006 .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today met and interacted with over 360 Officer Trainees of the 92nd Foundation Course at the Lal Bahadur Shastri National Academy of Administration ( LBSNAA ) in Mussoorie , Uttarakhand .
babies especially should be kept out of smoky kitchens and away from cooking fires .
governments and communities can work together to inform the public of the harmful effects of smoky environments and second-hand smoke on children .
cyber law ( also referred to as cyberlaw ) is a term used to describe the legal issues related to use of communications technology , particularly `` cyberspace '' , i .e . the internet .
nutrition in pregnancy
it should be free from objectionable weed seeds
Prime Minister said the country has seen a major expansion in healthcare facilities and medical education over the past four years which will be of great help in meeting the health care needs of the citizens .
latrines and toilets need to be cleaned frequently .
individuals can experience different signs and symptoms of diabetes , and sometimes there may be no signs .
PM said , “A second Gold for India!
according to experts , having an open fire in the kitchen is like burning 400 cigarettes an hour .
keep all ingredients ready and at hand before turning on the gas
flash floods can occur in these areas with or without such typical warnings as rain clouds or heavy rain .
school children
Central University of Kerala , Kasargod
this may be done using a bucket or washing-up bowl , the kitchen sink , or simply holding the burn under a gently running cold tap .
the organization shall have a properly constituted managing body with its powers , duties and responsibilities clearly defined and laid down in a written constitution  ;
CIC is the apex appellate body established by the Right to Information Act 2005 .
you can obtain safe water from undamaged water heaters or by melting ice cubes that were made before the tsunami hit .
every day you wake up at 4 :20 a .m .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved National Policy on Biofuels – 2018 .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways , India and the Federal Ministry of Transport , Innovation and Technology , Austria on Technology Cooperation in the Road Infrastructure Sector .
soap and water should be placed conveniently near the latrine or toilet .
the candidate should be 10th pass and iti in electrician /wireman/electronics mechanic/fitter/ sheet metal , not below 18 years .
the roof should be at least 8 - 10 ft . high .
He summed it up by saying , “Arunachal Pradesh is India’s pride .
PM will also inaugurate the commencement of electrification work of 346 km long Hospet-Hubli-Vasco da Gama line .
It will help to establish mutual co-operation and collaboration in the areas of knowledge sharing through joint research , quality support , capability and capacity building , trainee accountant exchange programmes and conducting Continuous Professional Development ( CPD ) Courses , workshops and conferences .
reducing maternal and infant mortality by promoting institutional delivery among pregnant women .
coach 9 & 10  : exhibition put up by the department of biotechnology , government of india , covering themes like biotechnology for bio-resources and nature conservation with emphasis on tiger conservation and chemical ecology and india 's research and development initiatives in field of biotechnology .
exceptional rainfall occurrences .
more positive and effective ways to address children 's behaviour can include  :
initially , the coins will be available in denominations of 5 and 10 grams .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Imphal today .
change your passwords often .
54 . His Royal Highness Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz , Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defence expressed his gratitude to the Government and people of India for the warm hospitality extended to him and the accompanying delegation .
Members of the Council briefed the Prime Minister on various steps being taken to nurture innovation and research in key sectors of science and technology .
employ people to clean sewers and septic tanks without protective gear .
it takes several years to become a skillful amchi , which requires hard theoretical and practical trainings .
finding contact info of nearest local help
this will send out short message service alerts when you get bank in account or you transact on your account .
there are various factors that affect bone health .
your best bet is not to click on the link but rather type the web address into your browser window and go to the site that way .
on the supply side , the mission coordinates with the financial sector and encourages use of information , communication & technology based financial technologies , business correspondents and community facilitators like ‘ bank mitras ’ .
However , it is corruption and black money which have been a bane for the nation .
the likelihood of the mother or the baby becoming ill or dying is reduced when childbirth takes place in a properly equipped health facility with the assistance of a skilled birth attendant , who also checks regularly on the mother and baby in the 24 hours after delivery .
They also emphasized the expected growth in energy demand in India , and the significant progress made in electrification and LPG expansion .
check food supplies .
limiting your alcohol intake to a maximum of two standard drinks per day .
components of the scheme
sikkim , darjeeling and kalimplong
all india competition for apprentices among trainees admitted under apprenticeship training scheme
sulfa drugs leave residues in meat and eggs .
Under this scheme , over 10 crore families will be provided health assurance worth Rs . 5 lakh each , every year .
talk to them about the importance of asking for help when they feel that they can not handle their problems by themselves .
there may not be enough insulin .
care during pregnancy .
The Prime Minister elaborated upon his vision of Transfornation through Transportation , and said the Foundation Stone of the Poorvanchal Expressway at Azamgarh today was part of the same exercise .
Prime Minister Modi said that Defence Cooperation is a key pillar of the relationship between India and Japan .
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi’s commitment to Swachhta .
Saudi Arabia is one of the potential tourist generating market for India from Middle East .
Come , let us try & advance on the path of his ideals & teachings .
reduce food waste by just 1 kg/day
the monthly allowance contributed by the central government in such cases shall not exceed rs . 3500/- per month per beneficiary and in cases of those recommended under central quota the assistance shall not exceed rs .4000/- per month per beneficiary .
joint pains
in addition to all the provisions applicable in plant emergency and site emergency , the following additional provisions are to be ensured for handling a nuclear emergency in the public domain  :
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for Constitution of a Committee to recommend the process for conferring / recognizing ownership or transfer / mortgage rights to the residents of Unauthorized Colonies ( UCs ) in Delhi .
this extraction process generates a large quantity of dusty material called coir dust or coir pith .
bleeding  :
pure drinking water is available
what if the woman agrees to have her photo taken  ?
then it is thoroughly moistened and given a turning .
We encourage the presence of Korean Trade Offices in India .
additional classrooms or any other structures requiring horizontal expansion shall be designed taking into account the space availability and while constructing as a continuous unit to the existing structures , these should be designed to have less impact of seismic forces .
physiological quality characters of seed comprises of seed germination and seed vigour .
stiffness , slowness of movement
continuously following a woman or contacting her ,
legal support and fast-tracking patent examination at lower costs
under the act , 2000 , it shall now be possible for corporates to have a statutory remedy in case if anyone breaks into their computer systems or network and causes damages or copies data .
have a complete wash and use fresh clothing .
user enters his old one time password and preferred new one time password and clicks on submit
if bleeding from the lungs is caused by a wound to the chest ,
Development of Greenfield airport at Hirasar , Rajkot , new ATC tower/technical block at Ahmedabad and Vadodara etc . are among them .
trial netting is done once a month to check the growth of fish .
if a student has to repeat a class , she / he would not get scholarship for that class for a second ( or subsequent ) year .
the important programmes presently being implemented by the department are  :
from birth , the baby should breastfeed whenever she or he wants .
the new employee , as mentioned in para 5 above , is one that had not worked in any employees ' provident fund organisation registered establishment or had a universal account number , in the past , i .e . prior to 01 april , 2016 .
household waste water can be disposed of safely by making a soak pit or a channel to the kitchen garden or to the field .
Speaking of the sporting prowess of the youth of Nicobar Islands , the Prime Minister said that the modern sports complex would help them hone their skills .
children should not play near the latrine , toilet or defecation areas .
This will primarily include , but not limited to , low cost and mass affordable housing , water supply and sanitation , urban transport and smart cities development .
remitter bank
He encouraged States to boost “Ease of Doing Business . ”
The channel will be the 24th channel operated by Doordarshan .
However brothers and sisters , today this figure has increased to almost 6 .75 crore .
Phase-I of River Front Development at Patna to be inaugurated
applicants admitted on their own to the college/institute/university not approved under act or not recognized by prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme and not having accredited courses ( for engineering degree courses ) or not approved by medical council of india ( for medical degree courses ) .
chemical disasters may arise in number of ways , such as  : -
information which has been expressly forbidden to be published by any court of law or tribunal or the disclosure of which may constitute contempt of court
walk , climb and run
to access the application form , click here .
the baby is close to the mother 's body
papers
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved creation of National Testing Agency ( NTA ) as a Society registered under the Indian Societies Registration Act , 1860 , and as an autonomous and self-sustained premier testing organization to conduct entrance examinations for higher educational institutions .
eat less of sweets , chocolates , ice cream and cakes .
the report of the investigations should ideally be handed over within an hour and before the beneficiaries are meeting the doctors for further checkups .
among the important cities of india , the average annual rainfall varies from 2932 mm in goa and 2401 mm in mumbai on the higher side , to 669 mm in jaipur on the lower side .
quotation of machinery / other items to be purchased .
the application accompanied by copies of the relevant documents can be filed in person before the concerned electoral registration officer / assistant electoral registration officer or sent by post addressed to him/her or can be handed over to the booth level officer of the respective polling area , or can even be filed online on website of chief electoral officer of the concerned state or website of election commission of india .
The Prime Minister recalled our former Prime Ministers Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri ji and Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee ji .
the scheme shall be valid only for the candidates who have appeared and passed secondary/higher secondary graduation/ post graduation examination in the year 2016 or who have enrolled for pursuing professional courses in 2016 .
never keep domestic cleaners and detergents under the sink where toddlers can find them .
use the abdominal thrust only in an actual emergency
Minister of State in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare .
information may be given arid complaint can be made to a police officer/protection officer/service provider or magistrate .
it is a cause for concern that flood related damages show an increasing trend .
each state and the andaman and nicobar islands ’ administration , is required to prepare a long term conservation-cum-development plan , valid for a period of five years for each primitive vulnerable tribal groups within its territory , outlining the initiatives it will undertake , financial planning for the same and the agencies charged with the responsibility of undertaking the same .
Student organisations , while campaigning for university elections should give more importance to cleanliness , the Prime Minister said .
registered citizens can apply for the services of registered lawyers and legal professionals in pro bono legal service portal .
blood vessel disorders  :
the application should , however , have the name and complete postal address of the applicant .
conc .feed required per day ( kg )
Indo-Russian Rifles Pvt . Ltd . to be dedicated to the nation Several development projects for Amethi and the region to be unveiled by PM
Foreign tourist arrivals in India increased by 42% from around 70 lakh in 2013 to about 1 crore in 2017 .
He also mentioned other steps for healthcare for the poor , that have been taken by the Union Government .
solar electricity storage technology has not reached its potential yet .
stay out of a building if water remains around it .
He described this as a historic , and unprecedented achievement .
a doctor or an ambulance should be sent for immediately
a candidate can apply for more than one location .
The Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Mission is being discussed around the world .
reservation  : 15 % scholarships are reserved for sc category students , 7 .5 % for st category and 3 % for physically challenged students .
the mission will cover all rural and urban areas .
disease can spread quickly when people are crowded together .
“Saal Mubarak to all Gujaratis across the world .
submit xerox copy of birth certificate as a proof of identity
if not , the child could build up resistance to the medicine , reducing its effectiveness the next time it is needed .
carry out vulnerability assessment and penetration testing and information security audit of critical networks/systems , especially database servers from empaneled auditors .
benefits for banks
cash advance in case of on-bill financing ( balance amount recovered from the electricity bill ) or full amount in case of upfront payment for each light-emitting diode .
rs .12 per annum .
Through this MoU , Government of India would provide access and share the technology of other major ICT Initiatives in Education such as National Digital Library of India ( NDLI ) , Virtual Labs , Spoken Tutorials .
a plethora of these e-wallets are provided online for downloading through `` apps '' to support both point of sale transactions and peer-to-peer transactions between individuals .
all schools shall have water storage tanks .
members of mahila mandals ,
Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji believed in the power of equality .
skill sub-mission  : overseas employment
He said 20 lakh hectares of farmland has so far been brought under micro irrigation , through the Pradhan MantriKrishiSinchaiYojana .
once you complete a transaction , you should see a success status on the bharat interface for money screen and receive an queries from your bank .
A real time land slide warning system in the Sikkim , Darjeeling region .
Under Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme ( CLSS ) , wherein housing for EWS / LIG / MIG beneficiaries is being sanctioned by the Banks / HFCs to the eligible beneficiaries under the PMAY( Urban ) , the responses have grown significantly .
she would also have income from social marketing of certain healthcare products like condoms , contraceptive pills , sanitary napkins etc .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Baripada , in Odisha today .
the baby refuses to feed .
The Prime Minister mentioned how the Digital India movement has brought data to villages of India .
The implementation of the project would provide the much needed additional public transport infrastructure to NCR .
· The Centre will dispatch immediate financial assistance worth Rs . 325 crore to cater to the requirements of Kerala , Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep .
PM will flag-off Ajni ( Nagpur )- Pune Train through video link .
in due course of time , the unit of insurance can be a geo-fenced/geo-mapped region having homogenous risk profile for the notified crop .
There are many such aspects which emerged out of these discussions which are definitely going to be beneficial for the students .
The MoU was signed by Shri Anand Kumar , Secretary , Ministry of New and Renewable Energy , Government of the Republic of India and H .E . Mr . Lorenzo ANGELONI , Italian Ambassador to India .
Both agreed that the Afghan peace process has to be Afghan-led , Afghan-owned and Afghan-controlled .
a nutritious diet is a must .
He remarked that he has himself visited the North East more than 25 times in the last 4 years .
since newborns are generally dependent on their parents to provide for their every need , mothers and fathers need to take good care of themselves .
Implementation Strategy and targets :
India has gained international recognition for ten out of its eighteen Biosphere reserves under UNESCO’s Man and Biosphere programme .
in the case of urban constituencies , ( where there are no gram panchayats ) , the officer will identify a gram panchayat from a nearby rural constituency .
do not light a match .
development of root system will be more efficient that aids absorption of nutrients efficiently and result in higher yield .
With this approach , Cabinet has approved the Umbrella Scheme of PM-AASHA with three sub-schemes i .e . Price Support Scheme ( PSS ) , Price Deficiency Payment Scheme ( PDPS ) and pilot of Private Procurement & Stockist Scheme ( PDPS ) .
a child with diarrhoea may not want to eat or may vomit , so feeding can be difficult .
the bank has rejected your complaintm or
suckle the breast and touch it with her or his hands .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today performed Shramdaan for the construction of a twin pit toilet at Shahanshahpur village in Varanasi .
E-commerce and trans-border mobility of people is resulting in increased cross border transactions .
safe disposal of all household refuse helps to keep the living environment clean and healthy .
India stands ready to assist the Afghanistan government in this sad hour ” , the Prime Minister said .
climate condition required in pig husbandry  :
switch off all appliances at the plug point and not with a remote
This project will boost eco-tourism , and provide a source of assured drinking water supply .
if the casualty becomes unconscious , he must immediately be turned on his side in the recovery position , but still keeping the feet and legs raised
if you forget your password or get locked out , you need a way to get back into your account .
The Prime Minister said that the North-East can be the New Engine of India’s growth .
The Prime Minister spoke of the importance of Africa in India’s foreign policy .
industrial applications
no replies to emails , taunts or lies said about you
it is advisable to house the pigs in a raised plate form , which can be constructed with locally available materials like bamboo and wood .
a child with diarrhoea should receive oral rehydration salts solution and a daily zinc supplement for 10–14 days .
agriculture section of vikaspedia portal aims to provide relevant information and knowledge based content related to agriculture and allied sectors , contributed by volunteers in these sectors .
this fund will be utilised for extending immediate help to the released bonded labourers .
The Prime Minister said that the health sector requires good doctors , and paramedical staff .
the dedicated fastag lanes has become operational on all 371 toll plazas from 1st september 2017 .
safety tip  :
chicken raising for meat ( broilers ) or eggs ( layers ) can be integrated with fish culture to reduce costs on fertilizers and feeds in fish culture and maximize benefits .
He will also lay foundation stone for Petrochemical Complex at the same venue .
if a trained health worker provides special medicine for tuberculosis , it is important to give the child all the medicine according to the instructions .
cleanliness index captures the overall cleanliness of a village including village households which have access to and are using safe toilets and environmental friendliness .
He said that the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana is also becoming a means for generating employment and women empowerment .
weakness in hands , legs , feet or ankles
We observe ARMED FORCES FLAG DAY every year on 7th December .
about deen dayal antyodaya yojana
compost is ready in 3 - 4 months but compost must be removed in stages as the worms process it
severe pain in the abdomen , or pain that keeps increasing
please note that through the mentioned portal , right to information applications/first appeals can be filed by indian citizens only for the main ministries/departments of central government located at new delhi .
He also laid the foundation stone for sports projects .
in case mobile number is not registered with unique identification authority of india it uses patient 's name .
breast milk and colostrum , the thick yellow milk produced during the first few days after a woman gives birth , provide protection against diarrhoea , pneumonia and other diseases .
availability - this coin will distributed through designated & recognised metals and minerals trading corporation of india outlets .
raw jute
the portal provides information on basic concepts , diagnosis , treatment and related institutions and schemes related to ayush .
potato brown rot , root knot nematode
The present sanctioned strength of Technical Group ‘A’ cadre of PESO is 137 having 60 Junior Time Scale ( JTS ) level officers , 46 Senior Time Scale ( STS ) level officers , 23 Junior Administrative Grade ( JAG ) level officers ( Level 12 ) , 7 JAG level officers ( Level 13 ) and 1 Senior Administrative Grade ( SAG ) level post of Chief Controller of Explosives .
the services are offered at anganwadi centres through anganwadi workers and anganwadi helpers at grassroots level .
national health mission
the minimum and maximum purchase price under different modes of pension will be as under  :
PM Lofven and I will also have the opportunity to interact with top business leaders of both the countries and chart out a future roadmap of cooperation with focus on trade and investment , innovation , S&T , skill development , smart cities , clean energy , digitization and health .
fever
once found in order , will prepare tv in the name of the original subscription voucher holder and refund the security deposit amount to the person indemnifying the oil company .
step i - you can go to the voters ’ registration of your assembly constituency , or to the closest designated location or your booth level officer
in simple terms , these proteins can be divided into 4 categories  :
The Prime Minister visited GMERS Medical College , Vadnagar , and unveiled a plaque to mark its dedication .
dry waste material of 25 thick is spread in a pit and a thick suspension of cow dung in water is sprinkled over for moistening .
unified payment interface will offer a facility to identify a bank customer with an email - like virtual address .
the baby may be getting water or other fluids , which can reduce the intake of breast milk
a child who has had malaria several times should be checked for anaemia .
security deposit for pressure regulator ( for north eastern states )
light-emitting diode pays energy efficiency services limited from actual energy savings over 5 years
identifying the problems faced by the patients in chc/phc  ;
drainage line 5 treatment ,
conventionally , the first 42 days ( 6 weeks ) after delivery are taken as the postpartum period .
students of class x studying in recognized schools are eligible to appear for stage i examination conducted by the states/uts in which the schools are located .
any unauthorized deprivation of property can be challenged by suit and for relief by way of damages .
fuel surcharge waiver
spending time every day doing things that you enjoy , being with people whom you like and doing some physical activity can help to prevent and reduce stress .
if available , enrol the child in an early learning ( play ) activity with other children .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Varanasi today .
Government has allocated enough funds over the last four and a half years for the development of Tripura .
The Prime Minister said that it is the Government’s duty to inform citizens about its actions .
aadhaar offers the possibility of sending government payments by using just the 12- digit aadhaar number for life , which makes government payments agnostic to any changes in the bank account of the individuals ,
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara will also be inaugurated by PM .
these diseases would cause contamination , when they are present in the seed field or with in the specified isolation distance ( eg . loose smut of wheat ) .
In these blocks , emphasis has been laid on modernization of infrastructure of 22 thousand rural business centers , by innovative and increased connectivity in the villages .
farmers can save about 10 % to 30 % diesel by simply using a foot-valve with larger area of openings than the one with narrow area of openings .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , addressed the India-Italy Technology Summit at New Delhi .
providing a child with clear explanations about what to do and what not to do
The Prime Minister also spoke of how the life and ideals of Lord Rama continue to inspire everyone .
there are certain exceptions when this is legally allowed .
the programme is now a sub-scheme of rashtriya krishi vikas yojana .
pressure within the space can be measured when the lumbar puncture needle is inserted .
smart schools will have sex-ratio enabled classrooms , e-libraries , web based teaching and will make all students e-literate required for providing quality education
wing web puncture
there are many safe , effective and acceptable methods of planning for and avoiding pregnancy .
MoU on Defence Cooperation
soil bio technology
asset servicing charges
PMNCH is a global partnership of 92 countries and over 1000 organisations .
The Prime Minister said that the Indian diaspora is like “Rashtra-doot ” for India .
what to do if you feel a strong coastal earthquake
The Prime Minister also spoke of an increase in renewable power installed capacity , towards the target of 175 GW by 2022 .
for more information , please click here .
He will release a document highlighting the achievements of the Government .
impaired glucose tolerance
technologies that enable efficient use of biomass are becoming prevalent in rural areas .
the broad objectives of the initiative are as follows  : -
assam – 899
information on various skill training and placement programs
what to do if you 're indoors during an earthquake
know your payment status
a nutritious diet includes iodized salt and foods rich in essential minerals and vitamins such as beans and other pulses , grains , green leafy vegetables , and red , yellow and orange vegetables and fruits .
prepare a safety kit which should include a torch , sheets/ blankets , waterproof clothing , battery-operated radio , bottled water , first-aid kit , medication , personal valuables and personal documentation .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Sampla , Rohtak in Haryana today .
to ensure a high level of operational efficiency of your diesel powered engine , ensure the following  :
Thank you for your friendship , your leadership of India-Singapore partnership and a better future for the region .
they embody principles followed in declaring 'excluded ' and 'partially-excluded ' areas under the government of india act 1935 , schedule b of recommendations of the excluded and partially excluded areas sub committee of constituent assembly and the scheduled areas and scheduled tribes commission 1961 .
He will release a commemorative postage stamp on the Golden Jubilee celebrations of Auroville .
passport seva also provides an interface to india post for tracking delivery of passport to citizens .
abolition of stamp papers and payment of stamp duty and registration fees through banks , etc . will also reduce interface with the registration machinery
the conservation-cum-development plan is approved by an expert committee , appointed by the ministry of tribal affairs .
if the woman so desires , the protection officer or the service provider can assist the woman in fling the applications for reliefs and a copy of the domestic incident report is to be annexed with such an application .
if public information officer has rejected your application to supply the sought information .
it is difficult to clean bottles completely , and unclean bottles can contain germs that cause diarrhoea .
all health workers should know if antiretroviral therapy testing and antiretroviral are available at their local clinic .
the prime minister of india , who shall be the chairperson of the national authority , ex officio  ;
The cyclone hit on November 30 , 2017 , and the search and rescue operations , began the same day .
steps 1- first time user should first register by clicking on “ click to register  ”
all government documents/ certificates to be available on the cloud .
the systematic increase of superior varieties  ;
what is rabies and how is it transmitted  ?
it is a significant step which ensures equal opportunities for the people with disabilities and their full participation in the nation building .
institute to train the youngsters and provide quality health service through sowa-rigpa .
The Status Report of Special Committee on ILR consists of substantial progress made in three priority links namely Ken-Betwa Link , Damanganga-Pinjal Link and Para-Tapi-Narmada Link alongwith status of other Himalayan and Peninsular links identified as per National Perspective Plan of 1980 .
linkages with panchayat raj  :
Prime Minister gave a clarion call to nation to make ‘Innovate India’ , a mass movement .
genetic purity  :
He thanked the Chief Minister of Tripura , Shri Biplab Kumar Deb , for his facilitation in completion of this work .
in case of loss of subscription voucher , customer has to submit an affidavit on non-judicial stamp paper of applicable value as per format which is also available with the concerned distributor .
family planning services provide men and women of childbearing age with the knowledge and the means to plan when to begin having children , how many to have , how far apart to have them and when to stop .
to view the geothermal database of india , click here .
Councils will also be supported by Central and State Governments respectively through Grant-in-aid as needed .
during these activities , many disease causing germs remain under the nails and over the skin
a household is defined as a unit comprising of head of family , spouse , children and parents .
difference between certified seed and truthful labeled seed
immediate destruction of keys after usage
there are provisions in the main criminal law ( the indian penal code ) which are different from the special law on sexual harassment  :
Cultural Exchange Programme with Cambodia for the year 2018-2022 .
in a pregnancy , there can be multiple gestations , as in the case of twins or triplets .
national talent search scheme ( ntss )
scholarship for ph d studies
land area shall not less than 60s sq .meter for general category .
the scheme will be implemented during the current financial year to provide social security during old age and protect elderly persons aged 60 years and above against a future fall in their interest income due to uncertain market conditions .
objectives
for merchants  :
Acknowledging the decline in growth in the previous quarter , the Prime Minister said that the Government is committed to reversing this trend .
inhalation of the virus as a mode of transmission among cave dwelling bats has been reported from south america .
cost effective
Your Excellency , the State Counsellor
But when the Janata Party won the general elections in 1977 , he became the Prime Minister of the country .
The Prime Minister said that the infrastructure sector is progressing rapidly .
water ( reasonably good quality ) – 100 litres
quality health care that offers information and counselling enables women and men to make informed decisions about their reproductive health .
high longevity / shelf life .
India and Oman have thriving links rooted in centuries old people-to-people exchanges .
The procurement expenditure and losses due to procurement will be borne by Central Government as per norms .
beti bachao beti padhao
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure a unique experience for devotees coming for the Ardh-Kumbh .
on such premature exit , 98 % of the purchase price shall be refunded .
canavan disease
village markets
• Development of Deoghar Airport
Seminar on Opportunities for Industry in Defence & Aerospace
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has paid tributes to Mahatma Phule on his birth anniversary .
and the project implementing agencies implement the programme through skilling and placement projects .
Mr . Yang Jiechi , State Councillor of the People’s Republic of China and Special Representative of China on the Boundary Question , called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today .
do not allow discarded items to accumulate such as tires , tubes , empty coconut shells , household items and objects wherein water may collect .
Myanmar also appreciated Government of India for upholding the same principle .
oral rehydration salts is a special combination of dry salts that is mixed with safe water .
The Prime Minister said that along with power generation , power storage is also important .
keep the sick , elderly , weak , handicapped and other people who are unable to evacuate inside house and close all the doors and windows tightly .
clear away anything loose from the mouth and throat , including dentures , thus producing a clear airway so that casualty may breathe easily
He added that the new section of metro from Shaheed Sthal will reduce the suffering of travellers plying between Uttar Pradesh and Delhi .
He said new industry , and institutions can develop along the Expressway .
by establishing suitable schemes for subsidy and pro vision of loans to enable effective implementation of the policy  ;
submit contract of apprenticeship on-line for approval by respective state apprenticeship advisor
sex should be avoided during pregnancy if there is risk of abortion ( history of previous recurrent spontaneous abortions ) , or a risk of preterm delivery ( history of previous preterm labour ) .
sunlight is a clean , renewable source of energy .
the close contact and attention help infants feel secure and loved , which is important for their growth and development .
Singapore was the first country with which we signed a Comprehnsive Economic Cooperation Agreement .
He will attend the closing session of the Mahatma Gandhi International Sanitation Convention ( MGISC ) at Rashtrapati Bhavan Cultural Centre .
courses under apprenticeship training with a duration of minimum 500 hrs . as basic training component and a one year practical content for on-the-job component designed by basic training will be declared as optional trades .
state apprenticeship advisers will act as implementing agencies for state public sector and private establishments under their jurisdiction .
New AIIMS will add around 750 hospital beds .
aquatic weeds such as hydrilla/najas etc . or chopped green cattle fodders such as maize , banana leaves , cow pea , oat , napier grass , leaves etc . are provided to grass carp .
scalds , on the other hand , occur when the body is in contact with moist heat , such as steam or hot water , fats or oils , and other hot liquids .
water should be prevented from stagnating in gutters , drains and depressions .
in urban habitations with a population of 50 ,000 or less , accredited social health activists will be selected as in rural areas .
fainting , head injury , stroke , epilepsy – major fits or convulsions , minor fits , heart attacks , diabetes , drugs , drink , severe bleeding , acute and severe allergy , electric shock , drowning , gas poisoning .
At Azamgarh , on July 14th , the Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone of the 340 km long Poorvanchal Expressway .
you are not satisfied with bank 's reply
it is left exposed without covering for 15 days .
every child should complete a recommended series of immunizations .
in districts where this unit size is not available , gram panchayats approximating the desirable population size may be chosen .
( x ) Regulation of Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices ; and
hands should be thoroughly washed with soap and water or a substitute , such as ash and water , after defecating and after contact with faeces , and before touching or preparing food or feeding children .
Highlighting the progress in road connectivity , the PM Modi said that compared to the previous Government , the pace of construction in national highways , rural roads has almost doubled .
certificates required
The exhibition showcases over a hundred good practices and applications .
He said projects related to highways , railways , power , solar energy and petroleum sector , are all underway in the State of Himachal Pradesh .
never give or take any tablets , especially sleeping tablets , with alcohol --
comfort temperature
objective
major achievement will be acknowledged and commended .
growing plants are observed for the varietal purity .
symptoms & causes
special care should be taken in preparing food for infants and small children .
He said that some people have the view that Modi has raised expectations as Prime Minister .
intake of plenty of fruits and vegetables containing vitamin c ( e .g . mango , guava , orange and sweet lime ) , as these enhance the absorption of iron .
move victim to a cooler environment .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will dedicate the National War Memorial to the nation in a solemn ceremonial function tomorrow on February 25th .
when b deposits the cheque in the bank , the bank informs him that a does not have rs . 1 ,000 in her account to pay b with .
Signing of the MoU will pave way for both countries for exploration of areas for bilateral collaboration :
it is one of the most common and useful forms of energy .
people should demand a new syringe for every vaccination .
related resources
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis functional rating scale-revised
The MoUs facilitate exchange of technical experts , reports and technical documents , training and seminars/workshops focusing on specific technology areas and other interactions for knowledge sharing .
refusing the breast or other foods .
therefore , quality pigs should be procured from known research and developmental agencies , state veterinary department , and other breeder farmers .
Railway Electrification Equipments
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed Destination Uttarakhand : Investors’ Summit 2018 , in Dehradun .
He expressed happiness that States are now organising investor summits .
· 3rd Meeting of the BRICS Working Group on Geospatial Sciences and its Applications ( Pretoria )
The Prime Minister said that these decisions would go a long way in strengthening the MSME sector in India .
Prime Minister and also in-charge of : Ministry of Personnel , Public Grievances and Pensions ; Department of Atomic Energy ; Department of Space ; All important policy issues ; and All other portfolios not allocated to any Minister .
PM Modi inaugurated the 9th edition of the Summit at Mahatma Mandir Exhibition cum Convention Centre in Gandhinagar .
exchange programme for writers and poets .
adolescent girls , young women and their partners should be provided with information on pregnancy prevention and the risks associated with abortion .
to cover all households with atleast one basic banking account with rupay debit card with inbuilt rs 1 lakh accident insurance cover .
usually a land space of about 200 sq .m . is needed for kitchen gardening and embankments of a fish pond provide more area than this .
current guidelines define normal blood pressure as lower than 120/80 .
it will show recommendations on dosage of different nutrients needed .
it is suggested to continually update the antivirus programs for it to be effective on a point of sale network .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) signed between India and United Kingdom on technical cooperation in the field of Sustainable Urban Development in April , 2018 .
viruses can increase their chances of spreading to other computers by infecting files on a network file system or a file system that is accessed by another computer .
any variety to become eligible for seed certification should meet the following requirement  :
( 1 ) too much or too little water is added ,
molecular hydrogen is not available on earth in convenient natural reservoirs .
wear long pants , a long-sleeved shirt , and sturdy shoes .
coir pith compost application increased the soil native microflora because of addition of humic materials .
the point of sale is the place where a retail transaction occurs and the merchant calculates the amount owed by the customer , indicates the amount , prepares an invoice for the customer , and indicates the options for the customer to make payment .
bhendi yellow vein mosaic
services offered
signs of labor and danger signs of obstetric complications .
multiple disabilities including deafblindness
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for the signing and ratification of the Extradition Treaty between India and Lithuania .
special emphasis is particularly on vulnerable communities such as manual scavengers , victims of human trafficking , particularly vulnerable tribal groups , persons with disabilities and bonded labour .
And , in all our efforts to pursue efficiency and effectiveness in partnership with you , we will be guided by the highest ideals of integrity and probity .
MOU between India and Palestine for setting up of new National Printing Press at Ramallah at a cost of US $5 million
Speaking of the city gas distribution project , the Prime Minister said that 8000 houses in Varanasi have already received piped cooking gas connections .
He said that Governors , through their vast experience in public life , can motivate civic agencies and government departments to work with commitment towards this cause .
He said the Union Government is moving forward through Policy Driven Governance and Predictable Transparent Policies .
the average nutrient contents of farm compost are 0 .5 per cent nitrogen , 0 .15 per cent phosphorus and 0 .5 per cent potassium .
poor exercise and sedentary lifestyle are the main causes for obesity .
the excreta voided by 30-40 pigs are adequate to fertilize one hectare water area under polyculture of fish .
hot , dry skin .
His Royal Highness appreciated consistent efforts made by Prime Minister Modi since May 2014 including Prime Minister’s personal initiatives to have friendly relations with Pakistan .
The Prime Minister appreciated the State Government of Uttar Pradesh , for its efforts in augmenting substantially , the procurement of foodgrains .
first child birth after at least 2 years of marriage
policies and schemes related to agriculture , animal husbandry , fisheries and rural employment are covered
Our companies have to evolve from a buyer-seller framework to deeper engagement .
in adult birds , a transitory drop ( 5-20 per cent ) in egg production may be the only clinical sign present .
6 . Capacity building in space science and technology , and space application programmes for societal purposes ;
immense the injured part in cold water .
some states have a prescribed fee and a specified format for first appeal .
transformation and not translation
dissemination of research findings and appropriate technologies for promoting wastelands development ,
develop their knowledge , experience , curiosity and confidence
to access the broadcast seva portal , click here .
the unique nature and importance of adolescence mandates explicit and specific attention in health policy and programmes .
inability to speak using several words
under the act , it is the responsibility of state governments to identify , release and rehabilitate the bonded labour .
seed of food crops including edible oil seeds and seeds of fruits & vegetables .
the baby 's head and body are in line
brooding
Interacting with the Prime Minister , beneficiaries of various agricultural schemes explained howvarious government schemes helped improve production .
Prime Minister assured the athletes that Government would provide them adequate support and facilities .
format of letter of funding of not less than 20 % in equity from incubation fund/ private equity fund/ accelerator/angel network
women affected by domestic violence could stay up to one year .
national career service aims at reaching out to people across the country , in particular the youth , through a well-designed structure that comprises an information & communication technology based portal , a countrywide set-up of career centres , a multilingual call centre , and a network of career counsellors .
PM will also address a public gathering
protection of children from sexual offences e-box for children
They welcomed the accelerated cooperation , including through the recent announcement of a New Development Partnership during the meeting of the bilateral Strategic Partnership Council in New Delhi .
having experience in thrift and saving programmes with individuals .
validation of new employees  :
important conditions
The meetings of the Working Group shall take place at least every two years , alternately in India and in Uzbekistan .
“Dictionary of Martyrs : India’s Freedom Struggle ( 1857-1947 ) ” , Volume 2 , Parts I & II .
The Prime Minister paid homage to the freedom fighters and martyrs .
In that context , he added , this effort to develop 115 backward districts , is in keeping with the vision of Dr . Ambedkar , who worked for the upliftment of the under-privileged .
if the wound is to the face , head or neck , medical help should be sought immediately .
although , hydrogen cells are now being used to power hybrid cars , it ’ s still not a feasible source of fuel for everyone .
The recommendations were further examined in consultation with Members of Parliament of Coastal States and Union Territories besides other concerned Ministries of Government of India .
Appreciating the various initiatives taken by Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee , the Prime Minister said that the Union Government has worked to augment the speed , scale , and quality of living , keeping the spirit of those initiatives intact .
more cyclones occur in the bay of bengal than the arabian sea and the ratio is approximately 4 :1 .
the act offers the much-needed legal framework so that information is not denied legal effect , validity or enforceability , solely on the ground that it is in the form of electronic records .
the primary health care will also maintain a database of all children in institutional care and non-institutional care at the district level with the ultimate goal of developing a comprehensive , integrated , live database for children in need of care and protection .
eligibility criteria
The Government not only focused on electrification , but also reformed the distribution systems across the country , Prime Minister added .
the construction of the house is to be completed by 18 months .
turn off the main water valve before draining water from these sources .
He unveiled a logo to mark the launch of “Preserve Mother Earth , and Transfer to Next Generation ” programme .
on-line registration indicating their sector/trades of choice
The Prime Minister explained how better road rail and air connectivity is being provided to the North East , with the overall vision of “Transformation through Transportation . ”
immunization is urgent .
livelihood
The Indian side conveyed that the project being undertaken by the Archaeological Survey of India to preserve and conserve stone inscriptions and temples of King Mindon and King Bagyidaw of Myanmar in Bodh Gaya is at an advanced stage and would be completed by December 2017 .
prevention - vaccinate replacement birds for outbreak farms .
rejuvenation/amelioration of systems productivity and achieve agro ecological equilibrium .
if the scholar fails to make satisfactory progress in the studies or is irregular in attendance or is guilty of misconduct during the academic year for which scholarship has been granted .
Giving major push to the Gas Based Economy , PM also dedicated to the nation , ONGC’s S1 Vasishta development project located in the Krishna-Godavari ( KG ) Offshore Basin in Andhra Pradesh .
however , all adolescents still need , and benefit greatly from , the support and guidance of parents .
All of us know that he was the one who laid the foundation stone of modern , unified India .
value of scholarship
department of personnel and training has released several orders from time to time regarding facilities / amenities for persons with disabilities .
rapid language learning continues into the preschool years .
it is to be completed by march 2019 .
indoor air pollution is also responsible for a significant number of acute respiratory illnesses in young children .
He said that the projects being inaugurated today reflect the Union Government’s commitment to development .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for release of additional 1% Dearness Allowance ( DA ) to Central Government employees and Dearness Relief ( DR ) to pensioners .
this section covers laws , schemes , policies , acts , institutions and other aspects related to differently-abled welfare .
50 health and wellness centers in Arunachal Pradesh will be inaugurated by PM .
you need to mention three important things
banking ombudsman has 15 regional offices across the country to accept application from complainants
towards this aim of encouraging entrepreneurship , national career service brings a collation of material and helpful links to facilitate entrepreneurs on their entrepreneurship journey .
enhancing the capacity of implementation partners
this one page account opening form is also available on the website of the department www .financialservices .gov .in .
fast or difficult breathing
the transaction flow to know mobile money identifier is as follows  :
pathogenesis
they need to be kept warm , but not overheated , and to be given plenty to eat and drink .
is advised that composted coir pith should be applied basally before take up the sowing .
We have Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreements with Singapore , Japan and South Korea .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi addressed the last sitting of 16th Lok Sabha today .
outlook ( prognosis )
strengthening of local democracy through strong and accountable gram panchayats and active gram sabhas
the employer will not be eligible to avail of labour identification number benefits if there is no new employment vis-a-vis the reference base in any subsequent month .
ransomware will demand that you pay money ( a “ ransom  ” ) to get access to your environment or files .
He said the current Government wishes to be the Government that removes obsolete laws .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted sports enthusiasts on National Sports Day .
every apprentice must have an aadhaar number .
The Utkarsh Bank specializes in micro-finance .
prevention
they should not give out personal information such as address or phone number or pictures .
oilseeds ( 8 ) - groundnut , rapeseed/mustard , toria , soyabean , sunflower seed , sesamum , safflower seed and nigerseed
`` lateral '' identifies the areas in a person 's spinal cord where portions of the nerve cells that signal and control the muscles are located
About Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas :
community involvement ,
if prosecuted for any offence  ; he shall have right to the due process of law , with full recognition being given to his degree of mental responsibility .
Under the Programme , one officer from the Australian Treasury shall be seconded to the Department of Economic Affairs , Ministry of Finance and one officer from the IES ( at Deputy Secretary/Director level ) to be nominated by the IES Cadre , Department of Economic Affairs , shall be seconded to the Australian Treasury , Government of Australia , for a period of three months , beginning 15 .1 .2018 or later .
it can help if the child breathes water vapour from a bowl of water that is hot but not boiling .
The Lessee ( HURL ) would pay a nominal Lease Rent of Rs .1 lakh per annum to the Lessor ( FCIL/HFCL ) .
information including commercial confidence , trade secrets or intellectual property , the disclosure of which would harm the competitive position of a third party , unless the competent authority is satisfied that larger public interest warrants the disclosure of such information
unprotected sex can lead to a variety of adverse outcomes , from sexually transmitted infections to unintended pregnancy , with its risks of early childbearing or unsafe abortion .
duration of scholarship
services offered to various stakeholders
it is important not just to consider approaches that ameliorate the losses associated with older age , but also those that may reinforce recovery , adaptation and psychosocial growth .
good hygiene practices and use of safe drinking water protect against diarrhoea .
institutions
availing of legal services
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today dedicated the Kishanganga Hydropower Station to the nation at a function in Srinagar .
Condolences to his family and supporters ” , the Prime Minister said .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has congratulated the Indian Women’s hockey team on winning Asia Cup 2017 .
· 3rd Meeting of the BRICS Working Group on Prevention and Monitoring of Natural Disasters ( Pretoria )
The hospital will bring comprehensive yet affordable cancer care to patients in UP , Jharkhand , Bihar , Uttarakhand and , even , neighbouring countries like Nepal .
many children die of pneumonia at home because their parents or other caregivers do not realize the seriousness of the illness and the need for immediate medical care .
It is also known by different names .
the blood pressure rises with each heartbeat and falls when the heart relaxes between beats .
recover and build
He unveiled the plaque to mark the serving of 3rd billionth meal by Akshaya Patra Foundation at Vrindavan Chandrodaya Mandir .
village should have adequate communication facilities , such as post-office , telephones , and , if possible , internet , and bharat nirman common service centre ( being established by the deptt . of information technology ) .
examine walls , floors , doors , staircases , and windows to make sure that the building is not in danger of collapsing .
special nature of victim ( pregnant woman knowing her to be pregnant , woman under 16 years , woman who can not give consent , woman suffering from physical/mental disability )  ;
almost every mother can breastfeed successfully .
hard facts on why energy conservation is a must are outlined below .
• A statuette of Gautam Buddha , which had a base price of Rs . 4000/- was auctioned for Rs . 7 lakh .
drive entrepreneurship research & advocacy .
for this same reason , children in daycare or kindergarten are particularly prone to having colds .
In the first Bid round , 55 blocks , having an area of 59282 sq .km spreading across 11 States have been offered for bidding .
the institution can be searched by location / institute code .
these could cause infertility .
The Prime Minister emphasized that laws and Acts have to be followed up by action .
supervise and monitor all online activities in the light of educational objectives .
The Prime Minister also performed Ganga Pujan , and visited the Swachh Kumbh Exhibition .
He said efforts are being taken to ensure welfare of the tribal people .
homeowners ' policies may not cover flooding from a tsunami .
by compiling statistics relating to safety , health and environment at work places , prioritising key issues for action , conducting national studies or surveys or projects through governmental and non - governmental organisations  ;
PM will also declare 100% household electrification in Arunachal Pradesh under Saubhagya Scheme .
­preparedness to deal with any disaster .
during adolescence peak growth and development of the girls ’ takes place , which has direct influence on child bearing .
the baby 's chin is touching the mother 's breast .
persons perpetuating such harassment are also guilty of cybercrimes .
The Agreement is expected to be signed during the forthcoming State visit of the French President to India .
Chief Secretary , Govt . of NCT of Delhi ;
Some of the most profound changes in Africa came through Gandhian methods .
childline is a platform bringing together the ministry for women & child development , government of india , working in partnership with state governments , international organizations , the corporate sector , concerned individuals and children .
away from where glass could shatter around windows , mirrors , pictures , or where heavy bookcases or other heavy furniture could fall over in the open , away from buildings , trees , telephone and electrical lines , flyovers and bridges
protect your eyes from direct sunrays and any kind of dangerous substances .
simplification and handholding
At a Sahakar Sammelan in Amreli , the Prime Minister said he was happy to see younger people coming to the fore and taking leadership of the cooperative sector .
The Prime Minister mentioned policy decisions taken in sectors such as urea , textile , civil aviation , and health , and the benefits achieved from them .
scholarship for studying in any class will be available for only one year .
if the scholarship discontinues his/her studies , the scholarship shall be stopped from the date of such discontinuance .
customer care 1800 266 9970
the platform has been set up by the ministry of women and child development , government of india under rashtriya mahila kosh
The Prime Minister added that these facilities will also attract tourists .
application and process guidelines for temporary uplink of live events
pre-matric scholarship ( class ix and x ) for students
This is a clear opportunity for global super-market chains considering India as a major outsourcing hub .
the indian gold coin is unique in many respects and will carry advanced anti-counterfeit features and tamper-proof packaging that will aid easy recycling .
rest 20 % of the pension wealth may be withdrawn as lump sum .
He said that initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan and Mission Indradhanush played a vital role in the decline in the mortality rate .
provision of good governance cards to all
stress and depression  :
self-service kiosks ,
The Prime Minister said that Sant Kabir Academy , to be built at a cost of about Rs . 24 crore , would create an institution to preserve the legacy of Sant Kabir , as well as regional dialects and folk arts of Uttar Pradesh .
We are not merely reforming our country , we are transforming India .
for new establishment coming into existence/getting registered with employees ' provident fund organisation after 01 april , 2016 , the reference base will be taken as zero employees .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today inaugurated Centers of Excellence at Deen Dayal Hastkala Sankul in Varanasi .
cyclones are caused by atmospheric disturbances around a low-pressure area distinguished by swift and often destructive air circulation .
tsunami water , like floodwater , can undermine foundations , causing buildings to sink , floors to crack , or walls to collapse .
antenatal care refers to health education and regular medical check - up given to a pregnant woman in order to make the outcome of pregnancy safer , reduce cases of maternal morbidity and mortality through early detection and treatment .
state disaster management authorities and district disaster management authorities
quality guaranteed by certification agency .
Queen Maxima is visiting India in her capacity as UN Secretary-General’s Special Advocate for Inclusive Finance for Development .
opening emails and email attachments from people you don ’ t know , or that you weren ’ t expecting .
through this innovative measure , the knowledge of the culture , traditions and practices of different states will lead to an enhanced understanding and bonding between the states , thereby strengthening the unity and integrity of india .
the seed should be easily identifiable as a species of specific category of specific species .
The Prime Minister visited the Balwadi at the Academy and interacted with the children .
Digital India has also transformed the BPO sector immensely .
wasteland atlas of india
organic fairs ( maximum assistance will be given @ 36330 per cluster )
it is processed ( to get enriched uranium , i .e . the radioactive isotope ) into tiny pellets .
this will make the transaction cost affordable and will drive usage of cards in the industry .
revised integrated housing scheme for workers
This presentation was moderated by the Chief Minister of Rajasthan , Smt .
The Prime Minister mentioned the poor condition of roads and other infrastructure in Varanasi , four years ago .
The amalgamated bank will be better equipped in the changing environment to meet the credit needs of a growing economy , absorb shocks and capacity to raise resources .
During the course of the visit , the Prime Minister interacted with several Indian scientists working at IRRI .
electronic vaccine intelligence network is an indigenously developed technology system in india that digitizes vaccine stocks and monitors the temperature of the cold chain through a smartphone application .
prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme under the aegis of the national defence fund , was introduced from the academic year 2006-07 to encourage higher technical & professional education for the dependent wards & widows of central armed police forces & assam rifles personnel .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today reviewed the progress of preparations towards the launch of the Health Assurance programme under Ayushman Bharat .
I warmly welcome the President , and his delegation , in India .
ever since , member associations have teamed up with the international diabetes federation to share and spread crucial information on prevention of diabetes .
this capping has now been removed and farmers will get claim against full sum insured without any reduction .
The Prime Minister said that the Dainik Jagran has played a key role in generating awareness , and in the re-building of the nation .
installing updates for all other software on the computer or mobile is also significant to keep the wallet environment safer .
coach 12  : a kids zone is set up for children from std . 5 and below to participate in fun-filled activities , games and puzzles in science , mathematics and environment . ·
Shri Narendra Modi indicated that the 28% slab of GST would soon , only be restricted to a few select items , such as luxury goods .
special categories of women who require additional nutrition during pregnancy include the following  :
experiments and experiences in meeting the energy and water demands of communities are detailed hers .
it is graduation for diploma .
We regard experience sharing and exchange as key to increasing mutual understanding and enhancing BRICS anti-corruption cooperation and will continue our efforts in this aspect as we have done in previous years .
all pregnant women and their newborns need to be protected against tetanus .
Agreement/MOU/Treaty and Purpose of MoU
This project will provide a big boost to irrigation in the region , and will be greatly beneficial for the farmers of Mirzapur and Allahabad districts of Uttar Pradesh .
employer is any person/entity who has business in any trade or occupation .
national policy on education 1968 , revised in 1992 , the national policy on education calls for a `` child-centred approach '' in primary education , but does not contain a specific reference to school safety or disaster risk issues of children .
apprentice protsahan yojana  :
The second developmental flight will be completed by Q2 of 2018-19 this year .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing and implementation of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between Ministry of Road Transport & Highways and ‘Transport for London’ , a statutory body established under the Greater London Authority Act , 1999 ( UK ) to improve Public Transport in India .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated India’s contingent at the 2018 Commonwealth Games .
the operators of nuclear facilities must make an assessment of the type and quantum of release of radioactivity under various accident conditions and the extent to which it can spread into the environment .
the coal mines provident fund and miscellaneous provisions act ,1948
the amount of subvention is to be calculated on the amount of crop loan from the date of disbursement up to the date of repayment .
employed parents/guardians are required to obtain income certificate from their employer and for any additional income from other sources , they would furnish declaration by way of an affidavit on non-judicial stamp paper .
hilly area women
older persons should have access to social and legal services to enhance their autonomy , protection and care .
accredited social health activist worker is primarily an “ honorary volunteer  ” but is compensated for her time in specific situations ( such as training attendance , monthly reviews and other meetings ) .
in the guidelines , the word ‘ urban area ’ will have the definition of ‘ urban ’ as per census 2011 .
candles and matches in a waterproof container
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has conveyed his greetings to the Nation on Christmas .
Addressing the gathering , Prime Minister said that Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose laid down the foundation for equal opportunity for women in armed forces , through the formation of Rani Jhansi Regiment .
Shri J .S . Mukul , Dean , Foreign Service Institute
it should , as far as possible , fulfil “ nirmal gram puraskar  ” norms .
On 17th April , I will be in Stockholm on the invitation of Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven .
At a function in Raj Bhavan , the Prime Minister will release a book , titled “Timeless Laxman ” , based on the famous cartoonist , RK Laxman .
the provisions in ( b ) to ( d ) will also apply to such leprosy-cured students .
this is also in line with hyogo framework of action 2005–15 - building the resilience of nations and communities to disasters .
street children and youth living alone on the streets
eligibility
only one fourth of this is formally trained .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agriculture Export Policy , 2018 .
these canals serve as fish culture systems owing to their round the clock supply of water and rich insect populations .
Prime Minister also spoke about the various initiatives taken by the State Government and Union government for the development of Gujarat , like water supply schemes , electricity for all , infrastructure development , housing for all and schemes for poor .
PM also complimented the role of the Parliamentary Affairs Ministers during the tenure of 16th Lok Sabha .
It is still August , but I am sure the mood is indigo today!
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Khanij Kshetra Kalyan Yojana ( PMKKKY ) .
a child with a fever should be examined immediately by a trained health worker and receive an appropriate antimalarial treatment as soon as possible if diagnosed with malaria .
for mill sector the scheme will be applicable to all jute goods manufacturing units throughout the country paying cash .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi today arrived at the BSF Academy at Tekanpur in Madhya Pradesh , for the Conference of Director Generals of Police and Inspector Generals of Police .
sunlight provides your body with enough vitamin which is absorbed by your skin .
the duration of this residential skill development program is 600 hrs ( approx 90 days ) .
scholarship amount and duration
instead of using pickles , use vegetable chutney with less oil and salt .
sanitary napkins need to be disposed of carefully with other refuse or burned .
a total of ( at least ) 1 ,000 students are selected each year .
Just a few weeks ago , we launched the India Post Payments Bank .
the produce will be pesticide residue free and will contribute to improve the health of consumer .
maximum two children per family will get the benefit of the scheme under the norms .
serious injuries , e .g . those requiring medical attention are common among younger adolescents .
what are secondary headaches  ?
alternatively , you can also check your account balance using bank mitra , internet banking or calling the bank for details of your transactions .
On the 28th , he will attend an event on “Transforming Urban Landscape . ”
They highly evaluated the Military Industrial Conference process as an important mechanism to promote the “Make in India ” policy of the Government of India .
visitor logs into the system and prints his evisitors pass  ;
We will make it easier and smoother to do business in India .
collect water containers , food , and ordinary and special medicines ( for persons with heart complaints , diabetes , etc . )
The Prime Minister presented facts and figures to indicate how India is playing a key role in the entire world’s growth .
please generate a new personal identification number in the bharat interface for money app )
till date only 61 .8 % women receive first tetanus toxoid in first trimester and the coverage of full tetanus toxoid ( provision of 100 tablets , 2 tetanus toxoid injections and minimum 3 tetanus toxoid visits ) is as low as 19 .7 % .
maternal health situation in india
Prime Minister is on a 3-day visit to Gujarat , tomorrow being the last day of visit .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with the medal winners of the recently concluded Commonwealth Games , who called on him at Lok Kalyan Marg .
book allowance for students pursuing correspondence courses ,
each file to be uploaded should not be more than 1 [ 1 mb is the maximum size of the file ] in size and only file types are allowed
41 . katkaria ( kathodia ) 42 . kolam 43 . maria gond
select banking ombudsman office ( banking ombudsman ) .
The MoU will help in establishing a partnership between DGMS and SIMTARS for :
please check right to information rules of individual sates regarding first appeal fees ( if any ) , mode of payment , format ( if any ) if your first appeal is to a public authority falling under state government .
• The Steering Committee will be comprised of Secretaries from Ministry of Road Transport and Highways , Ministry of Power , Ministry of New and Renewable Energy , Department of Science and Technology , Department of Heavy Industry , Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade , and Director General , Bureau of Industrial Standards .
At this event , the Prime Minister will visit a mini Digital Exhibition .
symptoms like affected pigs are apathetic , anorexia , high fever , coughing and sneezing , difficulty in breathing , red eyes with discharge .
no disabled person can be compelled to pay any taxes for the promotion and maintenance of any particular religion or religious group .
“Congratulations Kidambi Srikanth Your remarkable victory at the Denmark SSP makes every Indian proud and happy ” , the Prime Minister said .
the mission will be implemented in two phases , the details of which are as follows .
universal access to education facilities up to class x and retention
in this manner location specific designs can be worked out with adequate attention to safety features as well as child friendly elements .
convulsions ( fits )
pregnant women and new mothers who think they may be infected with antiretroviral should consult a trained health worker for antiretroviral testing and counselling .
technical support to national , state and district health missions , for public health management .
police inquest report
use parental controls on all the devices used by your child .
the portal provides information related to this vital health aspect that is drawing attention at present .
the conduct of its meetings and its procedure in general  ; and
the premium will be directly auto-debited by the bank from the subscribers account on or before 1 st june of each annual coverage period under the scheme .
enter or select the receiver 's mobile number or payment address ( you can select from your contact list or enter it ) or aadhaar number
refusal to close or delay in closing the accounts
He will lay the Foundation Stone for various projects under Flagship Missions , in the State of Uttar Pradesh .
provided that such entity is not formed by splitting up , or reconstruction , of a business already in existence .
shifting emphasis from training to career progression
separate administrative network from business processes with physical controls and virtual local area networks .
c . To advice Central and State Governments for effective implementation of the Act .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the inaugural session of the “END TB ” summit in New Delhi .
He added that the disruptions are a loss to the nation than to the government .
i had enough money in my account when i wrote a cheque to my landlord to pay rent .
A day such as ParaakaramPrava reminds our youth of the glorious heritage of our Army .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has approved the revision in the wage structure and allowances of Gramin Dak Sevaks ( GDS ) of the Department of Posts .
The Prime Minister congratulated Mr . Ibrahim on his recent election as President of the PKR Party .
if you turn off the gas for any reason , it must be turned back on by a professional .
H .E . Mr . Adel Al-Jubeir , MOS for Foreign Affairs
The Prime Minister stated that the people of India aspire for a ‘Shaktimaan Bharat’ ( Strong India ) and building a New India .
mainstreaming ayush – revitalizing local health traditions .
this is not true .
He saluted their grit and dedication to their disciplines and hoped that the rest of the country would get inspired from their efforts .
PM laid the foundation stone of North East Gas Grid which will ensure uninterrupted availability of natural gas across the region and boost industrial growth in the region .
1897 shillong  ; 1905 kangra  ; 1934 bihar-nepal  ; and 1950 assam-tibet .
however , weight gain is common when quitting smoking and therefore dietary advice on avoiding weight gain should also be given ( e .g . managing cravings and withdrawal symptoms by using short bouts of physical activity as a stress-relief activity , rather than eating snacks ) .
health impacts of heat waves
PM will distribute Electric Chaak , Solar Charkha and Honey Warp and Cheque to beneficiaries .
hair loss can be a side effect of certain medications and cause sudden hair loss affecting the entire head .
Certainty ot supply of surplus power to India by Bhutan from MHEP .
it is proposed to construct one hostel with the capacity of 100 girls in each of the 3500 educational backward blocks .
the act also addresses the important issues of security , which are so critical to the success of electronic transactions .
self-fulfilment
however , no female relative of the husband or the male partner can file a complaint against the wife or the female partner , for e .g . the mother-in-law can not file an application against a daughter-in-law , but she can file an application against her daughter-in-law for abetting her son to commit violence against her .
common publicity expenditure will be borne by the government .
the details of courses covered for setting up of book banks , ceiling of admissible expenditure per set of books are given below  :
being preloaded with currency by the user , they are designed to be convenient to them over the traditional-wallets , by providing better manageability over their payments , accounts , receiving of offers , alerts from merchants , storing digital receipts and warranty information and being secure by requiring to access only through correct passphrase , password and such authentication information .
blood tests can also assess electrolyte disturbances , and a variety of organ functions like liver , kidney , and thyroid .
piped natural gas distributorship located in ‘ rural area ’ will be called as gramin vitrak and will service the piped natural gas customers of the specified rural area .
set the password
how to file online complaint  ?
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed via Video Conference , the Valedictory Function of the 125th Anniversary of Swami Vivekanand’s Chicago speech , organized by Sri Ramakrishna Math at Coimbatore .
accredited social health activist must primarily be a woman resident of the village married/ widowed/ divorced , preferably in the age group of 25 to 45 years .
The winners of Rashtriya e-Panchayat Puraskar , and Gram Panchayat Vikas Puraskar Yojana under Sarvasreshtha Panchayat Puraskar Yojana will be felicitated on this occasion .
market information related websites
permanent total disability , due to accident
importance of a high protein diet , including items such as black gram , groundnuts , ragi , whole grains , milk , eggs , meat and nuts or any other locally available food items for anemic women .
also pay attention to the fine print details and any auto -checked checkboxes when downloading .
smaller ports may not be under the control of a harbor authority .
in india , efforts were made to develop low cost farming systems suitable for indian conditions , based on the principles of productive utilization of farm wastes and fuller utilization of available resources and manpower .
With the support of the State Government , we shall connect the State Capital Aizawl with broad gauge rail line .
scheme eligibility
a health facility has staff ,
travellers who are planning to visit remote areas where there is a risk of rabies , and medical care is difficult to obtain or may be delayed ( for example , hiking through remote villages where dogs are common ) .
Jammu visit was marked by the PM laying the foundation stone of AIIMS at Vijaypur , Samba .
for the purpose of achieving the goals and objectives mentioned above , the following action programme is drawn up and where necessary time bound action programme would be initiated , namely  :
harms associated with having worms
you can also add a phone number to email account to receive a code to reset your password via text message .
service certificate to be issued by the prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme in case of serving personnel in the prescribed format
the village should have a high degree of sanitation-
On 9th September , 2010 , he was transferred to the Punjab & Haryana High Court .
cluster headaches
it can be created by splitting water into hydrogen and oxygen .
mark sheet of class 5 if it contains date of birth  ; or
logbooks
scholarships will be paid to the students whose parents/guardians ’ income from all sources does not exceed rs . 2 ,00 ,000/- ( rupees two lakh only ) per annum .
the number of awards for course will be 20 per annum .
all the passengers travelling on railways availing these services may avail the benefit .
note  : if any application is withdrawn or abandoned before disposal of application , facilitator shall be entitled to fees only for filing of application and not for disposal of application .
hand press garden articles making unit
himachal pardesh
in some cases , where distance and/or an expected risky birth are factors , it may be preferable to have the mother-to-be move closer to the clinic or hospital as her due date approaches so she is within quick reach of health services .
PM said the 3 aspects of Health- : Nutrition , Immunization and Cleanliness have been given priority by his Government and National Nutrition Mission , Mission Indradhanush and Swachh Bharat Abhiyan are major initiatives .
providing funding support through a fund of funds with a corpus of inr 10 ,000 crore
promoting family planning .
the punishment for the husband is jail term of between two and seven years along with a fine .
dignity
avoid use of litter as manure around the farms .
management practices for enhancing productivity of piggery farm
affordable and quality health care to the rural population
age of joining , contribution levels , fixed monthly pension and return of corpus to the nominee of subscribers
babies and very young children lose their body heat easily .
step 5  : wash fingertip
seed quality
every child between the ages of 6 to 14 years has the right to free and compulsory education .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Defence .
find out if the plan requires you to pick your children up from school or from another location .
rest
PM said “we are specially committed to the cause of overall development of tribals from Jandhan to Vandhan .
non-consensual penetration of any orifice ( vagina , anus , mouth , urethra ) in a woman by a man , or ,
task with a cipher .
understanding the ages and stages of child development helps parents understand the changes to expect as a child grows and develops ( refer to the the following chart ) .
you get back your gold in the equivalent of 995 fineness gold or indian rupees as you desire ( the option to be exercised at the time of deposit ) .
willowing machine
Under this scheme , new AIIMS are established and Government medical colleges are upgraded .
announcement of the scheme
integrated development of food crops , including coarse cereals , minor millets and pulses
an old indian saying describes it this way -
the child is not receiving enough medicine
training of trainers ( 20 ) lead resource persons @ rs . 250 /day/ cluster for 3 days .
voluntary coverage may be obtained by all farmers not covered above , including crop crop loan account holders whose credit limit is not renewed .
such beneficiaries may be residing either in slums or outside the slums .
shalu bansals case delhi
where can children access this game  ?
‘ displaced family ’ as defined under section 3 of the right to fair compensation and transparency in land acquisition , rehabilitation and resettlement act , 2013
Propylene derivative petrochemical & polyol project will catalyse many downstream industries .
complex behavior and psychological factors also cause over-eating and thus lead to obesity .
More than 5 lakh villages are now ODF , he added .
install water efficient showers and faucets .
Former Prime Minister of Canada , Stephen Harper , who is on a visit to India to attend the Raisina Dialogue , met Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi earlier today .
passes several watery stools in an hour
mats/ matting unit
use antivirus software to detect and remove malware from your computer .
He exhorted the Indian community in Korea to promote tourism in India , by their own individual efforts .
designated trade means any trade or occupation as notified by the government .
On Sunday , the Prime Minister will visit Puducherry .
It is due to his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly , the Prime Minister said .
the first instalment of pension shall be paid after 1 year , 6 months , 3 months or 1 month from the date of purchase of the same depending on the mode of pension payment i .e . yearly , half-yearly , quarterly or monthly respectively .
you need to first select a document type ( certificate , card , one time password id card , etc . ) from a drop down list .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved creation of the post of Vice Chancellor for India’s first rail and transportation university , National Rail & Transport Institute ( NRTI ) .
Prime Minister declared 100% household electrification in Arunachal Pradesh under Saubhagya scheme .
He recalled that he had inaugurated the Integrated Command and Control Centre in Naya Raipur – India’s first smart city – a few days ago .
continually increasing community expectation of workplace health and safety standards .
“Tributes to those who lost their lives in the gruesome 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai .
balancing the sex-ratio
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of “Memorandum of Cooperation ( MoC ) ” between India and Japan on the “Technical Intern Training Program ( TITP ) ” .
students studying in class xi of the higher secondary school courses of the xii class of the multipurpose high school will not be eligible for it being a continuous school course .
background on janani suraksha yojana
It measures over 2 .8 meters and weighs over 800 kg .
For this , government realizes that it is essential that if price of the agriculture produce market is less than MSP , then in that case State Government and Central Government should purchase either at MSP or work in a manner to provide MSP for the farmers through some other mechanism .
The Revenue Secretary , Shri Hasmukh Adhia , highlighted the recent decisions of the GST Council regarding the oil and gas sector .
if men and women do not treat each other equally , the child will observe , learn and probably copy this behaviour .
indian food composition tables provides data of regular nutrients in foods complete in all respect and also on a whole range of bioactive substances .
We have simplified industrial licensing , and introduced online application process for environmental and forest clearances .
this declaration on the rights of mentally retarded person ’ s calls for national and international actions so as to ensure that it will be used as a common basis and frame of reference for the protection of their rights  :
The financial outlay for the scheme over the three year’s period is Rs .25 ,060 crore , out of which the Central Government share will be Rs .18 ,636 crore and the States’ share will be Rs .6 ,424 crore .
These projects are spread over several states including Bihar , Jharkhand , Chhattisgarh , Madhya Pradesh , Himachal Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , Maharashtra , Odisha , Chandigarh , Andhra Pradesh , Delhi , Gujarat , Rajasthan , West Bengal , Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh .
complications readiness
with the right treatment , some people soon stop getting seizures .
He said special attention will be given to sectors such as tourism , food processing and information technology , as part of industrial development .
maintaining optimum moisture is the pre-requisite for uniform composting or waste material .
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone for construction of Transit accomodation for Kashmiri migrant employees in Kashmir valley .
I also thank the honourable Prime Minister of Vietnam for Vietnam’s contribution as Country Coordinator to further strengthen the ASEAN-India partnership .
The recommendations of the 14thFinance Commission are valid upto the financial year 2019-20 .
boys
detail reports showing information about new and old patients taking appointment through this portal can be seen .
aadhaar is issuing blue color aadhaar ( namely bal aadhaar ) for children whose age is between 0 to 5 years .
the reason for occurrence of this disease is not known .
Lauding the inclusive culture of Daman , PM said that Daman has become a mini-India and people from all over the country live and work here .
3 ) the birth is assisted by a skilled birth attendant , such as a doctor , nurse or midwife  ;
H .E . Shin Bong Kil , Ambassador , RoK to India
this website is an initiative of department of personnel & training , government of india .
any individual , irrespective of age and gender , who is a resident in india and satisfies the verification process laid down by the aadhaar can enrol for aadhaar .
only after passing the data quality checks and other validations , the packet goes for de-duplication and aadhaar gets generated .
energy production and use account to large proportion of air pollution and more than 83 percent of greenhouse gas emissions
other crop seeds are the plants of cultivated crops found in the seed field and whose seed are so similar to crop seed that is difficult to separate them economically by mechanical means .
never put anything into the person ’ s mouth .
do not step out of the house until it stops .
custodian ( on assest values in custody )
This partnership is an alliance of more than 1 ,000 plus members , across 10 constituencies in 92 countries : academic , research and teaching institutions ; donors and foundations ; health care professionals ; multilateral agencies ; non-governmental organizations ; partner countries ; global financing mechanisms and the private sector .
after clicking submit , customer gets notification ( successful or failure )
the industry sector/sub-sectors covered by this component are the following codes  :
what are cranial neuralgias , facial pain , and other headaches
The Prime Minister said the Union Government is committed to empowering MSMEs .
if you forget your password , you need a way to get back into your account
ending preventable newborn deaths to achieve “ single digit natal mortality rate  ” by 2030 , with all the states to individually achieve this target by 2035 .
enhance the physical access of water on the farm and expand cultivable area under assured irrigation ( har khet ko pani ) .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , was apprised about an MoU signed in February , 2019 between India and Republic of Korea .
every office , factory , home and school should have an accessible first-aid box .
the state/union territory shall place all relevant details of financial and physical achievements on their website .
if water pipes are damaged , contact the water company and avoid using water from the tap .
The Prime Minister described the Indian Parliamentary elections as a “Kumbh of Democracy . ”
returning officer at the constituency level
interest subvention for post harvest loans
if you have any grievances or problems , you should approach them .
regular deworming at least at 3 months interval will reduce the worm load and will increase the growth rate of pigs .
if the maximum temperature of any place continues to be more than 45oc consecutively for two days , it is called a heat wave condition .
animal husbandry , dairying & fisheries
tell the person harassing you in straight forward terms , `` leave me alone , stop harassing me .
fifth dose  :
keep all your animals under your direct control .
Czech PM invited nomination of an Indian scientist for its prestigious Research & Development Council which hosts several international researchers of high repute and is headed by the Prime Minister himself .
worker of a unit  : any worker who is directly engaged in manufacture of factory and is on the pay roll of the factory unit and enrolled under factory licence of the beneficiary unit .
He also commended the efforts of the Maharashtra Government towards Swacchh Bharat activities .
The Prime Minister especially complimented the people of Himachal Pradesh for their commitment to cleanliness .
all children need to be immunized with vaccine , which offers partial protection against some forms of tuberculosis and leprosy .
• Dedication of Doubling of 13 .5 km Barpali-Dungaripali and Balangir-Deogaon road line .
week of vaccination
yes , it lays down the rules and procedure for the rehabilitation of manual scavengers through training in alternate employment , financial help and help with purchasing property .
in almost all cases , computerized tomography is done prior to lumbar puncture to make certain there is no bleeding , swelling , or tumor in the brain .
He also inaugurated the Museum of National Police memorial and signed the visitor’s book .
mode of pension payment
particularly vulnerable tribal groups
The Prime Minister had earlier met the crew of INSV Tarini on 16 August 2017 before they embarked on the 22 ,100 nautical mile circumnavigation journey .
The MoU was signed on 12th September , 2017 during the visit of President of Belarus to India .
forceful actions , riots etc
the walls should be plastered to make them damp proof .
is there any case which demonstrates the importance of having cyberlaw on cybercrime within the national jurisdictions of countries  ?
It will also be a tribute to our shared Buddhist heritage present at Sarnath too .
4th week
candidates for the award of scholarships should have taken regular admission for studies at recognized institutions in india in any course of general or technical education , including medical , engineering and agricultural studies .
The Prime Minister said that anonymity is the biggest strength of the civil servant .
He said that the CIC can also explain to people , the importance of “Acting Right . ”
the scholar should have separate bank account .
extension activities for promotion of scientific moisture conservation and agronomic measures including cropping alignment to maximise use of available water including rainfall and minimise irrigation requirement ( jal sarankchan )  ;
loosen any tight clothing
all railway passengers buying online ticket shall be given free accidental insurance cover of upto rs . 10 lakh .
keeping this in mind , the indian government has decided to launch the swachh bharat mission on october 2 , 2014 .
memos
Addressing a gathering at the Asramam ground in Kollam , Prime Minister Modisaid that infrastructure development has been the priority of his Government and the Kollam bypass is an example .
in adults , the entire skeleton is completely replaced every 7–10 years .
preventing osteoporosis
Tripura and Meghalaya are now out of the purview of the Armed Forces Special Power Act .
easy maintenance and utilization of existing power line infrastructure .
the first thing to do here would be to try and block the person from your social media network and on email .
should have adequate access to remunerative prices for agricultural and other produce of the village .
rogi kalyan samiti / hospital management committee would be a registered society set up in all district hospitals / sub district hospitals
how to fix them
chowkidar @ rs . 3 ,000 per month
the spread of lpg cylinders has been predominantly in the urban and semi-urban areas with the coverage mostly in middle class and affluent households .
This MahaVishuba Sankranti may all your wishes come true .
children who are physically or mentally punished in anger are more likely to become violent themselves .
cyber law in india
several related problems such as osteoporosis and injuries also carry the risk of disability and may lead to difficulties in doing activities independently .
aspergillosis
He said these big numbers are possible because of the 800 million people of India under the age of 35 .
this section covers laws , schemes , policies , acts and institutions related to rural poverty alleviation .
more efficient than normal composting and produces richer compost .
skilled birth attendants can raise awareness and understanding about the benefits of breastfeeding .
soil health cards
india is also vulnerable to the impacts of climate change .
unorganized sector workers belonging to poor category and their family members ( a family unit of five ) shall be the beneficiaries under the scheme .
major responsibilities of nuclear power plant operators
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will interact with over 100 MUDRA beneficiaries from across the country at a function in the capital tomorrow .
in order to get information , you need to write an application to public authority of concern department .
pigs often suffer from diseases like swine fever , swine plague , swine pox and may be infested with parasites .
coach 7  : international negotiations on climate change
He said efforts are being made to make India’s transport system clean fuel based .
here are a few simple tips  :
Assamese and Manipuri versions of Prime Minister’s Official Website launched
this is the dose of iron-folic acid given to prevent anemia ( prophylactic dose ) .
cattle dung , urine as well as the washing of cattle shed have superb manurial value .
for the courses in basic sciences , social sciences and commerce , this assistance is provided up to ph .d . level .
He was not even adequately clad ; it was a standalone kiosk on the edge of the road .
And , it has already registered a billion transactions and grown six-fold in two years .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has paid homage to Former Prime Minister of India Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri , on his Punya Tithi .
premium
He will unveil multiple projects in the state .
there are many suggested documents suggested for submission of proof of age .
The Prime Minister said that Swami Vivekananda raised his voice against the social evils that have entered our society .
And , there is a fresh energy in our partnerships with Australia , as also New Zealand .
required documents in format
transfer of account
parents tend to notice when a child is not reaching certain developmental milestones , including head control .
compatible with iphone , ipad , and ipod touch ) .
but sometimes a cough and a fever are signs of pneumonia , which needs to be treated by a trained health worker .
heatstroke
They come in campuses like yours , in the minds of youngsters like you .
used sanitary napkins should be disposed of in a refuse pit or collected and burned .
It is the largest Health Insurance Scheme in the world .
for the complete information on registration and accessing the services , click here .
cluster approach in selection and preparation of projects  : average size of project - about 5 ,000 ha .
besides osteoporotic women who continue to smoke while on medication for osteoporosis , fail to achieve the full benefits of treatment .
the portal provides information related to dietary guidelines , foods and their nutritional values , nutrition concepts and tips and much more .
do not walk on frostbitten toes or feet .
Prime Minister Abe and I do not miss any opportunity to meet .
immunizing a woman or adolescent with at least two doses of tetanus toxoid before or during pregnancy protects the newborn for the first few weeks of life and protects the mother .
still others tell our muscles when to move .
He expressed happiness that Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust is following the path laid down by Saibaba .
most outbreaks occur in mature hens .
In fact , the ground-work for this will be started from iCREATE day after tomorrow .
the complete transaction flow to change mobile pin is as follows  :
Exim Bank is the principal export credit agency for India .
This will enable the RRBs to maintain the minimum prescribed Capital to Risk Weighted Assets Ratio ( CRAR ) of 9 per cent .
The ‘Make in India’ initiative is designed to help achieve this .
make sure you use the password protection offered on your mobile device .
whether joint account can be opened in pradhan mantri jan-dhan yojana  ?
if you have to walk in standing water , use a pole or stick to ensure that you do not step into deep water , open manholes or ditches .
both parents , as well as other family members , need to be involved in caring and nurturing the growth , learning and development of children .
infant feeding options
isolate chronically affected birds .
you should make sure your entire family is aware of the warning .
17 . Both sides deliberated on the progress made in utilization of US$ 500 million concessional Line of Credit extended by India to Myanmar in 2012 .
often they are sustained in an emergency such as a house fire or road accident with a petrol fire .
eat ragi or bajra preparations ,
The Prime Minister also released a booklet on “National Policy on Biofuels 2018 . ”
Under the PM Krishi Sinchai Yojana , about 100 irrigation projects are being completed across the country today and around 29 lakh hectare land has been brought under irrigation .
keep all your animals under your direct control .
eligibility of basic training providers
feminization of the elderly population; and
Referring to the trek performed by OTs during the Foundation Course , the Prime Minister asked them to imbibe the learnings of the trek , such as team spirit and leadership , and apply them throughout their careers .
issue offer letters to candidates for engaging as apprentices
On April 7 , 2018 , the two Prime Ministers comprehensively reviewed the entire spectrum of multifaceted ties between the two countries .
Later , at a public meeting in Maghar , the Prime Minister will witness a cultural programme and address the gathering .
every pregnancy is special .
* at exit you would be required to invest minimum 40 % of your accumulated savings ( pension wealth ) to purchase a life annuity from any retirement solutions limited-regulated life insurance company empanelled with retirement solutions limited
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has approved establishment of two new All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS ) at Madurai , Tamil Nadu at a cost of Rs 1 ,264 crore and Bibinagar , Telangana at a cost of Rs 1 ,028 crore .
The Prime Minister spoke about the eight-fold path given by Lord Buddha , and said that the problems that we are facing can be overcome by following this path .
there may be ways to divert waves away from your property .
all applications are designed/ redesigned to enable delivery of services through mobile .
The necessary infrastructure for crew training , realization of flight systems and ground infrastructure will be established to support the Gaganyaan Programme .
PM Babis is leading the Czech delegation at the Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit 2019 , with Czech Republic as a partner country .
the child will then be protected against measles , pertussis ( whooping cough ) , tuberculosis and other respiratory illnesses , which can lead to pneumonia .
a 640 photovoltaic panel can power 5 tubelights and 3 fans for 300 days of the year
“ science express  ” redesigned as `` science express climate action special '' is an innovative mobile science exhibition mounted on a 16-coach train , which has been custom-built for department of science & technology by indian railway .
high vigour
health-care providers have the responsibility to ensure that parents and caregivers are well informed about ways to prevent malaria and the best practices for caring for a child with malaria
online application to banking ombudsman
earthquakes are tectonic in origin  ; that is the moving plates are responsible for the occurrence of violent shakes .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi paid homage to 10th Sikh Guru Guru Gobind Singh ji on his 350th Prakash Parv .
children who survive these diseases are weakened and may not grow well .
meal
the mobile app of pharma jan samadhan ( search medicine price ) , will provide information to consumers on prices of scheduled medicines , which are under price regulation .
the main objective is to promote efficient lighting , enhance awareness on using efficient equipment which reduce electricity bills and help preserve environment .
revolving cash credit facility involving any number of drawals and repayments within the limit .
one has to register for a new connection .
There are many other reforms which have already happened , but need gestation and stabilization time , before they are taken into account by the World Bank .
Highlights of Kanpur Metro Rail Project include-
the early years , especially the first three years of life , are very important for building the baby 's brain .
using one 's own programming abilities as also various programmes with malicious intent to gain unauthorized access to a computer or network are very serious crimes .
some adolescents harm themselves as a result of these problems .
We are building broadband connectivity to two hundred and fifty thousand village councils , and we are setting up common service centres in each of those village councils .
samples
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Maghar in Sant Kabir Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh today .
At the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex in Luwangsangbam , the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the National Sports University , 1000 Anganwadi Centres , 19 residential complexes for teachers , doctors and nurses , and other development projects .
direct the respondent or the aggrieved person , either singly or jointly , to undergo counseling .
the virus involved has a long incubation period ( 4 months or longer ) .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi visited Ranchi in Jharkhand on 17 February , 2019 .
The other is social sector projects of education and health .
meri sadak
if coughing does not dislodge the object from the trachea and the victim is breathing with extreme difficulty ,
securing micro
provided that where the marriage of the account h older takes place before completion of such period of twenty-one years , the operation of the account shall not be permitted beyond the date of her marriage  :
sit with support
despite the expansion in the health facilities , illness remains one of the most prevalent causes of human deprivation in india .
under the law ( section 3 of the medical termination of pregnancy act 1971 ) , the doctor can perform an abortion in the following situations  :
reduce annual lighting emissions by 9 - 63 kg
telephone lines during a tsunami watch or warning may be overloaded and routes to and from schools may be jammed .
The Union Government and the State Government are working together for the progress of Rajasthan , he said .
2-3 winners per ANIC would be selected and receive a grant of upto Rs 1 .0 crore in 3 tranches based on review and evidence of planned milestones achieved .
• The restructure GSTN , with 100% government ownership shall have equity structure between the Centre ( 50% ) and the States ( 50% ) .
protect your property
During the three years of this government , this figure has gone up to Rs . 2 .64 lakh crore .
be a good role model , equally for girls and boys
packing , labeling and branding of organic products of cluster
in order to develop district level data base on wastelands the jojoba plantation in collaboration with the food stock model , hyderabad has brought out the `` wasteland atlas of india '' covering the entire country on 1 :50000 scale using remote sensing imageries .
2 . Modernization of rolling stock , as well as of signaling and communication systems in railways ;
induced molting will restore egg production .
identity theft is somewhat different from identity fraud , which is related to the usage of a 'false identity ' to commit fraud .
local effects  :
The MoU was signed during the State Visit of King Philippe of the Belgium to India on November 7 , 2017 .
copies of relevant licences / registration certificates / other documents pertaining to the ownership , identity of address of business unit , if any
( e ) leverage corporate sector efforts in a public-private partnership .
if a scholar is unable to appear in the annual examination owing to illness and/or on account of any other unforeseeable event , the award may be renewed for the next academic year on submission of medical certificate and/or other required sufficient proof to the satisfaction of the head of the institution and his/her certifying that the scholar would have passed had he/she appeared in the examination .
if you think supplied information by public authority is incomplete , misleading or false
The selected private agency shall procure the commodity at MSP in the notified markets during the notified period from the registered farmers in consonance with the PPSS Guidelines , whenever the prices in the market fall below the notified MSP and whenever authorized by the state/UT government to enter the market and maximum service charges up to 15% of the notified MSP will be payable .
However , in the last one year alone , after the introduction of GST , the figure has catapulted to one crore and 16 lakh .
under supplementary nutrition programme , beneficiaries are given hot meals along with take-home rations .
if the child 's vaccination record is lost and the parents do not remember which vaccines the child has received , it is safe to repeat doses .
refundable deposits like caution money , security deposit will , however , be excluded .
employers must have aadhat number .
If Swaraj was achieved by the Satyagrahis , Shrestha Bharat would be achieved by the Swachhagrahis , the Prime Minister said .
in case of all mining leases executed before 12th january , 2015 ( the date of coming into force of the amendment act ) miners will have to contribute an amount equal to 30 % of the royalty payable by them to the district mineral foundations
the beneficiaries of the scheme are over a crore retired employees of government and state government .
trained health workers and health centres should provide families and communities with clear information on the risks of diarrhoea and cholera and what steps to take when either one occurs .
The Prime Minister called for faster progress in electronic toll collection .
this is the flagship scheme for skill training of youth pradhan mantri kaushal vikas yojana logo to be implemented by the new ministry of skill development and entrepreneurship through the national skill development corporation .
bathing will keep skin clean and prevent bad body odour .
showing pornographic material which may include videos , magazines , books etc .
The Government also approved the National Policy on Biofuels in June 2018 .
employment reservations and concessions for specially abled
LIC would get bancassurance ( i .e . selling of insurance products by bank ) through the bank’s network of 1 ,916 branches , besides access to bank’s cash management services .
What an accurate depiction of Savarkar by Atal ji!
registration
They reiterated their commitment to further consolidate the bilateral comprehensive strategic partnership .
With hundreds of languages and dialects , many states , and major religions , India is proud to be one of the most diverse nations in the world .
common causes of maternal death
He said that this University and this sacred land have a history that has seen the freedom struggles of both India and Bangladesh .
Ms . Munirabanu Shabbir Hussain Malek from Surat , received a Mudra Loan of Rs . 1 .77 lakh .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Shaheed Bhagat Singh , on his birth anniversary .
glucose goes into the bloodstream .
avoid open air defecation
The Prime Minister said that the Kumbh Mela to be organized next year at Prayag , would be the largest such event of its kind in the world .
The Gangajal programme has a project cost of Rs . 2880 Crore .
He will launch Gangajal project and other various developmental projects .
• An innovative model of R&D cooperation between India and Canada will be implemented under a MoU concluded by the Department of Science and Technology with the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council ( NSERC ) of Canada .
At Junagadh , the Prime Minister will inaugurate several development projects .
or a decrease in urination .
where to enroll
if the lower palpebral conjuctiva
at the level of teachers and students , safety issues are discussed and pursued as one off activities .
strengthening and creation of distribution network from source to the farm  ;
the older children should chew the tablet and if required should consume some water .
infrastructure grants to colleges
The Prime Minister observed that the suggestions made today covered policy , administrative as well as regulatory issues .
this app will facilitate consumers to verify whether medicines are being sold within the approved price range and also to detect any case of overpricing by pharmaceutical company/chemist .
add 1 % detergent ( make a paste of the detergent and then mix it in the spray solution )
provision of a fleet of vehicles for evacuation of plant personnel from the site to a safer place .
inter-agency coordination
PM will visit the Swachh Sundar Shauchalay exhibition at Kurukshetra and address a public gathering .
it should have been registered for a minimum period of two years but in the case of the north eastern region , j & k , desert areas and under serviced/under-represented areas , this condition of two years will not be applicable .
I am pleased to participate in this meeting with the BRICS Business Council .
poisoning through the lungs is dealt with under breathing .
pull the body over on top of the left side
fill up the application as per the instructions given by the system then click on save button .
the national optical fibre network project was funded by the universal service obligation fund .
His was a life dedicated to serving others , the Prime Minister said .
the fundamental purpose of this national policy on safety , health and environment at workplace , is not only to eliminate the incidence of work related injuries , diseases , fatalities , disaster and loss of national assets and ensuring achievement of a high level of occupational safety , health and environment performance through proactive approaches but also to enhance the well - being of the employee and society , at large .
if you give the following information to an expert , he will be able to help you choose the right pump  :
The Prime Minister will also lay the Foundation Stone for an International Convention Centre in Varanasi .
seed certification officer , seed inspectors can take samples for inspection
these are given below  :
continue to breastfeed on demand day and night , and start adding other foods ( two to three meals a day starting at 6 months  ;
security , margin and documentation norms as applicable to agricultural advance
losing appetite .
PM also requested them to spread the values of Gandhi ji and Guru Nanak Dev ji and become a part of their anniversary celebrations .
traditional industries
does cyberlaw concern me  ?
it is an obligation on part of the board of trustees of the national trust so as to make arrangements for an adequate standard of living of any beneficiary named in any request received by it , and to provide financial assistance to the registered organizations for carrying out any approved programme for the benefit of disabled .
in some parts of the world , eye infections can lead to trachoma , which can cause blindness .
Good Morning Friends ,
explaining the law on child labour
newspapers and journals and television in a comfortable air-conditioned waiting lounge .
when you find a person apparently unconscious , apply the shake , shout and pinch routine .
the pain usually is mild ( not disabling ) and bilateral ( affecting both sides of the head ) .
employed students whose income combined with the income of their parents/guardians does not exceed the maximum prescribed income ceiling are made eligible to post-matric scholarships to the extent of reimbursement of all compulsorily payable non-refundable fees .
people who are overweight or obese should therefore be encouraged to achieve and maintain a healthy body weight .
the development of type 1 diabetes is usually sudden and dramatic while the symptoms can often be mild or absent in people with type 2 diabetes , making this type of diabetes hard to detect .
where such assessment is not possible , classification may be done in terms of gross revenue attributed to the products , or services of the establishments , the number of persons employed for various activities .
abortion without your consent - if anyone else forces you to have an abortion or performs one without you agreeing to it , the punishment is jail time of up to 10 years and fine .
Prime Minister will then proceed to Tiruppur in Tamil Nadu .
in the guidelines , the word rural urban means piped natural gas distributor located in ‘ urban area ’ and also providing service to the piped natural gas customers in specified ‘ rural area  ” , generally covering all villages falling within 15 km from the municipal limits of the piped natural gas distributorship location and or the area specified by the respective durgam kshetriya vitrak .
father ’ s/husband ’ s name
About 12 crore farmers are expected to benefit from PM-KISAN .
ii . Enable payment linkages-cooperation between Unified Payment Interface ( DPI ) and Fast And Secure Transfer ( FAST ) digital fund transfer platforms ;
a woman in need of maternal care should be supported by her husband or partner and family to take good care of herself and her baby and to reach a health facility when needed , including for prenatal care , childbirth , post-natal care and emergency care .
a bonded labour rehabilitation fund shall be created at the district level by each state with a permanent corpus of at least rs .10 lakhs at the disposal of the district magistrate which should be renewable .
it is guided by the following vision
a scholar is liable to refund the scholarship amount at the discretion of the state government , if during the course of the year , the studies for which the scholarship has been awarded , is discontinued by him/her .
more secure and trusted wifi connections identified as `` e-wallets '' requiring strong passwords should be used .
frequent breastfeeding prevents dehydration and helps the child fight infections , including malaria .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Chhattisgarh on Thursday , 14th June .
“I got firsthand experience of Israel during my visit to Israel in 2006 , as chief minister of the Indian State of Gujarat , to take part in an Agritech exhibition .
submission of request for information
reduce the number of joints in the belt .
He suggested that we could have an online quiz competition on these themes and provide awards to prize winners in the upcoming Partners’ Forum Meeting in December 2018 .
today , in order to transfer money to a beneficiary , the government/ institution needs to know the bank account , code , and bank branch details etc .
traditional scholars who have made significant contribution in their fields would also be eligible notwithstanding the absence of any published works .
MoU on Cyber Security Cooperation between India and Israel
2 . Implementation of a Single Traffic Control Center to manage mixed traffic at the regional level , divisional railway and/ or at the upper network level uniting all the IR’s zonal railways ;
giving any other food or drink may slow the production of milk .
objective
· BRICS Energy Ministers – 28 to 29 June ( Gauteng )
every person is different and it is best to consult with your doctor .
sim-enabled temperature loggers attached to the cold chain equipment capture temperature information through a digital sensor placed in the refrigerator .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , launched key development projects at Kalaburagi in Karnataka and Kancheepuram in Tamil Nadu .
He welcomed all possibilities for innovation and research in the oil and gas sector .
Lauding the role of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore , he said that Maharaja had a vision for Tripura and he contributed greatly to build the city of Agartala .
“Navy Day greetings to all valorous personnel of the Indian Navy and their families .
so it is important to keep the household area clean and to teach children to wash their hands properly and frequently , especially after defecating and before eating .
The city of Ahmedabad will greet Prime Minister Abe with an elaborate civic reception on 13th of September , showcasing the cultural diversity of India , through a series of performances .
for example , power plants convert chemical energy stored in fuels like coal into electricity through various changes in its form .
b ) proof of your age if you are between 18 and 21 years of age ( such as birth certificate , school leaving certificate etc . ) .
if floor is solid , regular cleaning is essential and separate lying ( covered ) and dunging ( open ) is required .
leaking of watery fluid per vagina
The Prime Minister praised the State Government , and Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje , for managing the drought situation , and helping the people tide over the difficult situation .
subscription model
candidates for the award of scholarships should have taken regular admission for studies at recognized institutions in india in any course of general or technical education , including medical , engineering and agricultural studies .
H .E . Gholamreza Ansari , Ambassador of Iran
pen torch
cardiac arrests
When we formed government , only 56% of rural habitations were connected by a road .
else the aadhaar will become invalid .
PM unveiled the state of art , super-speciality public hospital – Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Medical Sciences and Research in Ahmedabad .
couple must belong to family
fever
reduce annual lighting emissions by 22 - 89 kg
immunization
huge waves may sweep in .
But , there is more to be done and for that , I seek the support of the private sector .
the number of elder persons has increased from 76 millions in 2001 to 103 .8 millions in 2011 .
The Working Group shall hold its annual meeting alternatively in India and Morocco .
Every year , over 8000 African youth are trained in a diverse set of programmes .
a number of regulations covering the safety in transportation , liability , insurance and compensations have been enacted .
pain
The MoU will envisage cooperation in the priority areas for the development of transport education .
block the user on social media
districts above national average but shown declining trend ( 8 districts/8 states )
in this game , an online administrator assigns tasks to its participants .
maximum entry age  : no limit
They welcomed the growing partnership between the two governments , private sector and at the people’s level .
to get the complete cost norms and pattern of assistance , click here .
which age group is most prone to participating in this game  ?
PM said the Bandipora rural BPO will open up a window of opportunity for the youth in the region .
participatory guarantee system certification and quality control
more self confidence
In this context , both sides agreed on the need for creation of conditions necessary for resumption of the comprehensive dialogue between India and Pakistan .
Prime Minister will also visit the Shri Saibaba Samadhi Temple Complex .
while head pain itself is the issue with primary headaches , secondary headaches are due to an underlying disease or injury that needs to be diagnosed and treated .
by the time they enter school , they should have basic cognitive and language skills and sufficient social competency and emotional development to allow them to enjoy learning in the formal school setting .
conclusive titling will also significantly reduce litigation
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , who is on a day-long visit to Uttar Pradesh , visited the Modern Coach Factory in Rae Bareli today .
The Union Cabinet chaired by chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for signing of the MoU for cooperation in the legal field between India and Morocco , in order to share their experience and expertise in the field of law and legislation .
use weather radio or stay tuned to a local radio or television station to keep informed of local watches and warnings .
India complimented Russia for successful organization of the 2018 FIFA World Cup .
the programme aims at ensuring that every school in the country must have a set of essential interventions that relate to both technical and human development aspects of a good water , sanitation and hygiene programme .
the technological innovation is implemented by the united nations development programme in partnership with government of india .
managed by licensed
the capacity of swadhar greh could be expanded up to 50 or 100 on the basis of need assessment and other important parameters .
Nowhere did it apply more than in Africa .
for women with high risk pregnancy
At Ranchi , the Prime Minister Modi will interact with beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana – Ayushman Bharat .
H .E . Mr Maxim Oreshkin , Minister of Economic Development of the Russian Federation
a child-friendly school that supports active learning and promotes participation offers the best learning environment for children .
allowance of rs .240/- per month towards extra coaching to mentally retarded and mentally ill students .
order of preference
if there is no response , he is unconscious .
radiation survey around the plant and outside the plant and site boundaries .
accordingly , eight erstwhile empowered programme committee states namely uttar pradesh , uttarakhand , madhya pradesh , chhattisgarh , bihar , jharkhand , rajasthan , odisha and the states of assam & jammu & kashmir were classified as low performing states .
every child with disability shall have the rights to free education till the age of 18 years in integrated schools or special schools .
persistent numbness and pain requires immediate attention of a doctor .
The Prime Minister said that Harivansh ji is well read and has written a lot .
the lucky grahak yojana and the digi-dhan vyapar yojana offered cash awards to consumers and merchants who utilized digital payment instruments for personal consumption expenditures .
while casualty is conscious try to discover what has been swallowed , how much , and when
women artisans need to have successfully completed training programme in spinning of coir yarn through any of the training centers of the coir board .
He said the Union Government is working to ensure that all parts of India receive the fruits of development .
personal income of the applicant ( including income of the spouse ) must not exceed rs . 4000/- per month .
perform regular backups of all critical information to limit the impact of data or system loss and to help expedite the recovery process .
parents and other caregivers know where to get medical help
there is regression of the comb .
the punishment is jail time of between one and three years along with a fine .
breast milk helps protect a child against disease for as long as the child breastfeeds .
andhra pradesh – 802
technical errors
typically a cheque is valid for 3 months from the date on which it is issued .
broiler manure
beyond the heavy toll on human lives , the indian ocean earthquake has caused an enormous environmental impact that will affect the region for many years to come .
example  : jeevan is a police officer tracking down a drugs shipment and has been monitoring emails received by stuti .
subject to the provisions of this act , the national authority shall have the responsibility for laying down the policies , plans and guidelines for disaster management for ensuring timely and effective response to disaster .
refusal to accept or delay in accepting payment towards taxes , as required by reserve bank of india /government of india/ any state government ,
transmission
offline process to file a complaint
doctors say it 's time we have a national programme for epilepsy .
consequent upon receiving applications from concerned students , concerned state governments/ut admns . , should scrutinize them for determining their eligibility under the scheme and thereafter intimate the number of eligible applications for course training ( with their names ) for each financial year to ministry of social justice & empowerment ( their applications need not be sent to the ministry ) .
He will also address the gathering .
local chc/ fru in-charge
feeding breast milk alone in the first six months can reduce a baby 's risk of antiretroviral infection compared to giving both breast milk and other foods and liquids ( 'mixed feeding ' ) .
solar energy
green potatoes .
new schools should be located , on a site that has adequate mitigation measures already in place against any imminent natural hazards .
fees to be paid to banks for their services i .e . gold purity testing charges , refining , storage and transportation charges etc . on medium and long term gold deposits .
The Prime Minister also congratulated all those who were associated with this remarkable feat .
please note that the bank account which has been seeded last with the aadhaar number will be the one to receive money through bank .
The Prime Minister said that the next step in this movement of Swachhta , should be conversion of waste to wealth .
if notice any signs or symptoms of a stroke , even if they seem to fluctuate or disappear .
inclusion of new offences committed against children -
this course is presently conducted in following four institutions in india  :
reduce annual lighting emissions by 344 kg
segregation of diseased animal  :
background of the scheme
the scholar obtaining benefits under this scheme shall not be allowed to avail of benefits under any other pre-matric scholarship scheme .
tobacco products are cheap and easily accessible .
botanical extracts production units ( neem cake , neem oil ) @ rs .1000/unit/ acre x 50 acre
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with Ujjwala beneficiaries across the country , through video conference .
those who become pregnant within two years of the previous delivery
do not place anything between the teeth or in the patient 's mouth
the child is probably experiencing something unrelated to the treatment and should be taken to the nearest health facility .
At the same event , the Prime Minister will distribute certificates and employment letters etc to select beneficiaries under various development schemes , including Deen Dayal Upadhyay Grameen Kaushal Vikas Yojana , Mukhya Mantri Gramodaya Yojana and National Rural Livelihood Mission .
23 January 2019 – Valedictory Session & Pravasi Bharatiya Samman Awards by the President of India .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Macedonia on cooperation in the field of Health .
this is not true .
this helps children get ready for school .
teaching and practical work
The Prime Minister elaborated on the rich spiritual traditions of Myanmar .
while submitting the application form , the woman will submit details , like address , jandhan/ bank account and aadhar number ( if the aadhar number is not available , steps would be taken in coordination with amount for issue of aadhar number to the woman of bpl household )
mobile first
workplaces should protect women of childbearing age , pregnant women and mothers from exposure to harmful smoke , poisons and pollutants that can affect their health and that of their children .
if you find out that your child is already playing the blue whale challenge , immediately stop him/her from using the internet from any devices .
mission
find activities you can do together that will make your child feel successful , secure and loved
ONGC’s Vashishta & S1 development project located in the Krishna-Godavari ( KG ) Offshore Basin in Andhra Pradesh will be inaugurated by PM .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today unveiled a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of Bhadbhut Barrage over the River Narmada .
in case the next of kin is not in a position to produce legal heir certificate , please submit request affidavit on plain paper
however , even in the event of a major release into the environment , the prompt and effective implementation of countermeasures can reduce the radiological consequences for the public .
track 1 data is information associated with the actual account and it includes items such as the cardholder 's name as well as the account number .
create job fairs and events
the scheme , therefore , covers areas like sciences , social sciences , engineering , medicine , management and law .
exposure of critical information
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government is empowering the poor , and helping them come out of poverty .
how it is going to help  ?
x owes you some money and issued a cheque to pay it  ;
During the Grand Finale program , the Prime Minister also interacted with the participants of Smart India Hackathon across various centres .
article 25 guarantees to every citizen ( including the disabled ) the right to freedom of religion .
This is a jump of 50%!In fact , India was among one of the highest growing tourist destinations in the world in 2017 .
instead of being guided by adults , their life is decided by adults .
before the disaster
requirements vary with activity and age , but most active persons need two to three times this basic amount .
He was conferred with Bharat Ratna .
article 29 ( 2 ) of the constitution provides that no citizen shall be denied admission into any educational institution maintained by the state or receiving aid out of state funds on the ground of religion , race , caste or language .
gold to be deposited with the refineries can be of any purity .
scholarship will be provided for the entire course .
Medicines available at the Jan Aushadhi Centres are 50% to 90% cheaper than branded drugs available in the market .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi delivered the following inaugural address at PETROTECH 2019 in Noida .
photo
2 ) she has regular maternity care by a trained health worker at least four times during every pregnancy  ;
While India is building a 100 smart cities across the country , it is also ensuring rapid progress in over 100 aspirational districts .
headache  :
The Prime Minister said that the Central Government has given a huge thrust on improving the infrastructure in the region .
Sivagiri is the holy abode of one of the great saints and social reformers of India , Sree Narayan Guru .
evacuation , rescue and relief  ;
These are reportedly the only Naga tribes in the State .
share option
healthy growth and development need to be supported with proper care to prevent malnutrition and infectious diseases .
in order to meet the objectives of the initiative , government of india action plan that addresses all aspects of the startup ecosystem has been announced .
The review meeting , which lasted for over two hours , was attended by top officials from infrastructure-related Ministries , NITI Aayog , and PMO .
a child with diarrhoea needs all the foods and fluids , including breast milk , she or he can take .
overseas indian workers
sharing syringes and needles , even among family members , can spread life-threatening diseases .
cranial neuralgias , facial pain , and other headache .
government departments/ organizations/ agencies like controller general of patent , trademark and design
The Ministry of AYUSH of the Republic of India having the mandate to promote , propagate and globalize the Traditional Systems of Medicine including Ayurveda , Yoga and Naturopathy , Unani , Siddha , Sowa-Rigpa and Homoeopathy has taken effective steps by entering into MoU with the Government of Malaysia , Government of Trinidad & Tobago , Government of Hungry , Government of Bangladesh , Government of Nepal , Government of Mauritius , Government of Mongolia , Government of Iran for Cooperation in Traditional Medicine .
encryption ransomware changes your files so you can ’ t open them .
collaborative digital platforms for participative governance .
the suryamitra programme is also designed to prepare the candidates to become new entrepreneurs in solar energy sector .
The Prime Minister will also visit the Cancer Institute , Adyar in Chennai .
hence selection of seed based on seed vigour is important for raising perfect finalize plantation .
It bodes well for the future .
· First Meeting of the BRICS Anti-Corruption Working Group – 26 February ( Buenos Aires , Argentina )
affected chicks may have external navel infection , large unabsorbed yolk sacs , peritonitis with foetid odour , exudates adhering to the navel , oedema of the skin of ventral body area , septicemia and dehydration .
3 % of vacancies in government employment shall be reserved for people with disabilities , 1 % each for the persons suffering from  :
This MoU will further strengthen the long-standing relationship in Science , Technology and Innovation Cooperation with Canada .
it is imperative that the existing institutions at the national and state level are strengthened and capacitated to take responsibility of school safety planning and action .
“Anguished by the passing away of Shri Kundan Shah .
ensuring sustainability of growth , particularly with regard to environment .
remove dead branches or dying trees close to the house  ; anchor removable objects such as lumber piles , loose tin sheets , loose bricks , garbage cans , sign-boards etc . which can fly in strong winds
Under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana , we have supported up gradation of Government Medical Colleges across India .
nutrition is the intake of food , considered in relation to the body ’ s dietary needs .
the municipal corporations will have a separate plan of action as per broad norms for urban areas .
This scheme enables direct benefit transfer to their bank accounts to compensate for wage loss , enable better nutrition and adequate rest before and after delivery .
When he turned eight he lost his father .
has difficulty in breathing
The Committee lauded PM’s initiatives to make the government cleaner through anti-corruption measures and demonetization .
( 2 ) keep the latrine or toilet clean ,
telecasting / broadcasting of programmes of one state on the regional radio channels of partner states .
think positive as a sound mind is also required for good health .
A competition between ministries ,
He said these projects are part of the Union Government’s commitment to cleaning the River Ganga .
daily reward of rs 1000 was given to 15 ,000 lucky consumers for a period of 100 days
ministry of finance , government of india has approved the merger of social security schemes viz . , aam admi bima yojana and janashree bima yojana .
“Greetings to everyone on National Voters’ Day .
­cooperation with agencies at national and international levels .
if you have aadhaar number of the patient and patient 's mobile number is registered with unique identification authority of india , then one time password will be sent by unique identification authority of india through queries and aadhaar holder would need to give consent to share his/her online registration system data as stored in unique identification authority of india with the hospital for the purpose of taking out patient department appointment .
The Prime Minister said that this honour truly belongs to the people of India .
of course , it is better to safely store all types of milk in a clean , covered container , preferably in a refrigerator .
Moreover , booking amount has been fixed only at 10 per cent .
it is therefore , very much important to feed the animals with economical but balanced feed which will contain all the nutrient requirements for growth and to support the life .
with this objective , exemption shall be given to persons who have capital gains during the year , if they have invested such capital gains in the fund of funds recognized by the government .
to prevent diarrhoea , all faeces , including those of infants and young children , should be disposed of in a latrine or toilet or buried .
these foods should contain a small amount of salt .
recognize the signs of heat stroke , heat rash or heat cramps such as weakness , dizziness , headache , nausea , sweating and seizures .
The MoC will promote bilateral relationship between India and Japan in the energy sector .
under the income tax act , 1961 , where a startup ( company ) receives any consideration for issue of shares which exceeds the fair market value of such shares , such excess consideration is taxable in the hands of recipient as income from other sources .
courses at the level of post-graduate degree/diploma/ certificate are also covered under this scheme .
half the quantity is applied before stocking the fish and the rest in 2-4 instalments as and when necessary .
The land is required by LMRC for the construction of Entry/Exit structure for Transport Nagar Metro Station which is an operational requirement of LMRC .
assistance will be extended for adopting water conservation technologies , efficient delivery and distribution systems etc .
He visited the Akshay Vat in Prayagraj .
foundation seed - 99 .5 %
give sips of water .
but here again , we stress the need to avoid accidents , for so many of them need never happen .
Prime Minister congratulated Mr . Tilak Marapana on assuming his new responsibility as Foreign Minister of Sri Lanka .
Later , PM will also address a gathering on this occasion .
can not be used in wet areas or areas with heavy rainfall due to waterlogging
specific tests will depend upon what potential issues the health care practitioner and patient want to address .
bank mitra also helps in opening of aadhaar linked bank account .
by extending data systems to allow timely reporting and provision of information  ;
He added that more than five thousand Jan Aushadi Kendras have been opened in the past four and half years .
poor menstruation hygiene can lead to fungal infections .
unlike high blood pressure , low blood pressure is defined primarily by signs and symptoms of low blood flow not by a specific blood pressure number .
The Prime Minister will hoist the high mast flag at South Point , Port Blair .
ii . Holding an India-Japan public and private healthcare forum .
this is your meditation spot where you wo n't be disturbed .
the parent or other caregiver should make certain the water is not too hot and that the child is carefully supervised when breathing the water vapour .
Several districts of Arunachal Pradesh have also been brought out of the purview of the Armed Forces Special Power Act .
with an estimated 45 ,000 deaths per annum , india contributes to a majority of maternal mortality burden in the region .
thereafter , user will be sent a confirmation through queries giving details of out patient department appointment .
The financing of Indore Metro Rail Project will be partly from Central Government and State Government of Madhya Pradesh on equal equity basis and partly as loan from Asian Development Bank ( ADB ) and New Development Bank ( NDB ) .
coal powder , salt , rough tooth powder , etc . , when used for brushing lead to scratches in the outer layer of the teeth .
an administrative check on the origin of the propagating material  :
the national rurban mission follows the vision of `` development of a cluster of villages that preserve and nurture the essence of rural community life with focus on equity and inclusiveness without compromising with the facilities perceived to be essentially urban in nature , thus creating a cluster of `` rurban villages '' .
for example , we use the chemical energy in fuels like wood , coal by burning them .
in case , resident is an card holder and having bank account in india but resident doesn ’ t have aadhaar . what will happen to his/her bank account  ?
Minister of State in the Ministry of Women and Child Development ; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Minority Affairs .
one idea is to think of a phrase that only you know , and make it be related to a particular website to help you remember it .
avoid walking with bare feet .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the nation from the ramparts of the Red Fort , on the occasion of the 72nd Independence Day .
to access the complete guidelines , click here .
all children need to be immunized against measles , which can be a major cause of malnutrition , poor mental development , and hearing and visual impairments .
watch out for wild animals , especially poisonous snakes that may have come into buildings with the water .
when a cyclone alert is on for your area continue normal working but stay alert to the radio warnings .
imd has given the following criteria for heat waves  :
the 21 disabilities are given below  : -
nerve disease ( diabetic neuropathy )  :
meditation for weight control
both wheat and rice have almost same calories and same effect on blood sugar .
Let us leave no stone unturned to build a New India by 2022 , the Prime Minister exhorted .
breeder replacement flocks should be tested before onset of production to assure pullorum- free status .
little or no interest in food .
thereafter , within these sub districts , so identified by the ministry , the state governments could select the clusters and while doing so , could include the following performance parameters  :
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Bajrang Punia on winning Gold in 65 kg freestyle wrestling at Asian Games 2018 .
The time I spent with him was memorable .
durgam kshetriya vitrak  :
bank account in the single name of the applicant will be considered .
to make agriculture more productive , sustainable , remunerative and climate resilient by promoting location specific integrated/composite farming systems  ;
He also said , over the last 4 and half years various steps were taken to transform Railways , and India’s first Semi High-Speed Train , Vande Bharat Express en route Delhi-Varanasi , is one such step .
in such cases , it is recommended to seek doctor 's assistance .
where the parties are within the degree of prohibited relationship or are sapindas of each other unless permitted by custom or usage .
Subsequent to the payment of this amount to RBl , the subscribed capital of NHB shall stand transferred to and vested in the Central Government .
the scholarship will terminate at the end of class x .
utilizing technology to eliminate human discretion in selection of units for inspection , and uploading of inspection reports within 72 hours of inspection mandatory
note 1  : the disabled students belonging to scheduled castes covered under the scheme can also get such additional benefits from other schemes , which are not covered under the scheme .
leverage schemes/initiatives of central ministries and state/governments .
the overreaching vision of pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana ( pmksy ) is to ensure access to some means of protective irrigation to all agricultural farms in the country , to produce ‘ per drop more crop ’ , thus bringing much desired rural prosperity .
The Prime Minister will visit Jammu , Srinagar and Leh on Feb 03 , 2019 .
for detailed guidelines , click here .
Giving a boost to road transport and connectivity in , the Prime Minister will dedicate to the nation Four Laned Section of Solapur – Tuljapur – Osmanabad of NH-211 ( New NH-52 ) .
any person who violates provisions of the act , or any rule or regulation made under it , shall be punishable with imprisonment up to six months and/ or a fine of rs 10 ,000 , or both .
breastfeeding and complementary feeding .
symptoms
this is a program conducted by goi to promote research amongst the eligible teachers in approved institutions and others and facilitate them to complete a ph d from the best institutions in india like the iit ’ s and nit ’ s or other nationally important institutes .
on-line submission of returns and records
high investment requirement
listen to and answer all the child 's questions , have conversations ( with both girls and boys )
visit a trained health worker with the infant during the first week and again six weeks after birth .
scholarship amount
if a scheduled tribe scholar pursuing group i course fails in the examination for the first time , the award may be renewed .
type 1 diabetes used to be called juvenile-onset diabetes .
21 . The Prime Minister of India welcomed Maldives’ decision to re-join the Commonwealth .
dispose of all faeces , including those of infants and young children , in a latrine or toilet , or bury them .
national geo-spatial information system to be leveraged as a platform and as a service in e-governance projects .
the act talks of appointment of any officers not below the rank of a director to the government of india or an equivalent officer of state government as an adjudicating officer who shall adjudicate whether any person has made a contravention of any of the provisions of the said act or rules framed there under .
plan evacuation routes from your home , school , workplace , or any other place you could be where tsunamis present a risk .
secure your passwords
esign is an online service without using physical dongles that offers application service providers the functionality to authenticate signers and perform the digital signing of documents using aadhaar service .
children and pregnant women exposed to smoke from tobacco or cooking fires are particularly at risk of pneumonia or other breathing illnesses .
During the interaction , the Prime Minister spoke of “Seva Paramo Dharma ” as being an integral part of our culture .
Earlier , the Chief Ministers and other delegates were welcomed to the meeting by Vice Chairman of the NITI Aayog , Shri Rajiv Kumar .
save energy to reduce pollution -
the senses , including hearing , sight , smell , taste , and touch , are not affected by amyotrophic lateral sclerosis .
what is strong password  ?
online receipt and acceptance of offer letters from establishments
Giving some more illustrations of the Government’s approach towards the Armed Forces , the Prime Minister mentioned the encouragement being given to innovations by soldiers during Army Day , Navy Day and Air Force Day events .
however , in cases , where tenth class examination of such courses is treated as equivalent to matriculation and students who after passing tenth class join other courses , such students will be treated as post-matric students and will be eligible for the award of scholarships .
once disconnected , these parts of the brain stop functioning , so the seizures stop as well .
it provides for an industry led , practice oriented , effective and efficient mode of formal training .
the objective of the scheme is to award scholarships to meritorious students of economically weaker sections to arrest their drop out at class viii and encourage them to continue the study at secondary stage .
applicable to both notified and released varieties
filter through double layer of muslin cloth and make the volume to 100 liter
so in every government organization one personal is being appointed as public authority to provide information .
to facilitate immediate , emergency and non - emergency access to a range of services including medical , legal , psychological and counselling support under one roof to fight against any forms of violence against women .
health workers can provide parents and other caregivers with information on diets , hygiene and immunizations and how they protect against pneumonia and other illnesses .
since the beginning of the 21st century , this has increased by nearly a degree centigrade .
He said the Indian economy is growing rapidly , and the country is setting new benchmarks in innovation .
value of scholarship
the disease affects both domesticated and wild pigs under natural conditions .
• The Bill enables creation of an online central database , for collection and sharing of information on deposit-taking activities in the country ;
women who have breastfed their infants during the first six months should continue to give their babies breast milk along with other foods unless they meet the conditions to give safe replacement foods , including infant formula and other milks and foods
the logo/symbol of quality mark on milk and milk product packages conveys that the unit has adopted and implemented all the processes required as per proper food safety and quality management system for manufacture of milk and milk products as per the set quality parameters .
the compost is ready for application in another month .
He said the Expressway would also boost tourism in the places of historical significance in the region .
in most of these acts it has been provided that the following circumstances will disable a person from undertaking a marriage . these are  :
He encouraged States to give fresh ideas to the Finance Commission , for incentivizing outcome-based allocations , and expenditure correction .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to pay Productivity Linked Bonus ( PLB ) equivalent to 78 days wages to eligible non-gazetted railway employees ( excluding RPF/RPSF personnel ) for the financial year 2016-17 .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on the occasion of various festivals across India .
I thank people of Kollam and Kerala for their love and affection .
rate of interest as applicable to agriculture advance
# My name is Jyoti Rajendra Waade .
never reveal personal financial information ( internet banking passwords etc . ) to anyone , including those who claim to be authorized representatives of the bank .
examples include  :
PM interacted with the newly elected Sarpanches .
­establishing institutional and techno-legal frame works to create an enabling regulatory environment and a compliance regime .
egg production and hatchability decreases .
wind speed is not uniform all the time which affects power generated
“Yoga is not just a set of exercises that keeps the body fit .
long-term rehabilitation
Noting that Bahadurgarh is witnessing tremendous economic growth , the Prime Minister said that there are several educational centres there , and students from there even travel to Delhi .
it develops in one in 25 pregnancies worldwide and is associated with complications to both mother and baby .
the member should normally be the head of the family or one earning member of the below poverty line family or marginally above the poverty line under identified vocational group/rural landless household .
the flexibility , agility and cost-effectiveness offered by cloud technologies would be fully leveraged while designing and hosting applications .
He said that all those who studied at this University have not just received a degree , but have also become inheritors of a great legacy .
degree and post graduate level courses including m . phil . , ph .d . and post doctoral research in medicine ( allopathic , indian and other recognized systems of medicines ) , engineering , technology , planning , architecture , design , fashion technology , agriculture , veterinary & allied sciences , management , business finance /administration , computer science/applications .
a baby has difficulty digesting animal milks , and formula is digested much more slowly than breast milk .
our goals and objectives will be that through dedicated and concerted efforts consistent with the requirements of safety , health and environment at work place and thereby improving the quality of work and working life .
the government has modified the selection guidelines for piped natural gas distributorship and a unified set of guidelines have been framed for all types of piped natural gas distributorship of public sector oil marketing companies .
an indian bank account
the composting process is an aerobic one , the organism performing the composting require oxygen for its metabolic activity .
alter , but only by way of rectification of boundaries , any scheduled area  ;
ensure accountability of the public health providers to the community  ;
exposure visit to member of cluster to organic farming fields @ rs . 200 / farmer
Space and science
hygienic menstruation practices among adolescent girls and women should be promoted and supported .
paralytic or dumb rabies  :
Participants appreciated the pace and drive with which Prime Minister Modi has brought about reform in the energy sector .
all pregnant women should make sure they have been immunized against tetanus .
have had a miscarriage or stillbirth
the candidates with the following qualifications are eligible .
The Sides are satisfied with the implementation of the Cultural Exchange Programme for 2017-2019 signed in 2017 .
materia medica , pharmacy & pharmacology
Purpose is to set up next generation Centre of Excellence ( COE ) in Jordan for training of minimum 3000 Jordanian IT professionals over a period of 5 years , and setting up of resource centre in India for Training of Master trainers in IT field from Jordan .
In his address at the convocation , the Prime Minister said that technology is bringing about change in all spheres of life , and the youth of our country is keeping pace with these developments .
He laid the Foundation Stone of the National Sports University , 1000 Anganwadi Centres , and several other important development projects .
The mechanism should ensure that a scientist from the remotest corner of the country has seamless access to resources in , say , IIT Delhi , or say , a CSIR Lab in Dehradun .
you presented the cheque for payment within the period of its validity ( for cheques in india , this period is currently 3 months )  ;
Mentioning the target of New India by 2022 , the Prime Minister emphasized that this can be achieved only by making it a people’s movement .
emphasizes strengthened surveillance mechanism for tracking stillbirths
NDA government fully committed to protect the culture , resources and languages of the Northeast states : PM Assam will be transformed into an Oil and Natural Gas Hub , says PM
programme implementation
this is why it becomes highly expensive to just think about replacing gasoline .
We are now placed 77th while we were placed 142 four years ago .
fertility and hatchability are not affected .
important diseases of chicken
The Prime Minister complimented the State Government of Assam for its efforts towards completing pending projects .
primary goals of integrated farming systems are
parasites , worms , scabies , sores , tooth decay , diarrhoea and dysentery are caused due to lack of personal hygiene .
phishing is an example of social engineering techniques used to fool users , and exploits the poor usability of current web security technologies .
the integrated child development scheme offers a package of six services , viz .
vitamin and zinc supplementation can reduce the risk of diarrhoea .
so although the good news is that old persons are living longer , there are precautions to be taken for a more fulfilled and productive life .
75 % of cost of machinery subject to a maximum of rs .7500
It is a 13 km long 2 lane bypass , with a project cost of Rs . 352 crore .
The Financial Advisors ( FAs ) of the two concerned administrative Ministries/Departments will represent the issues related to the dispute in question before the above Committee .
mud and sand can contain parasite larvae .
Under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana , Government plans to build around three crore houses in rural areas and one crore houses in urban areas .
after receiving complaint application , concerned bank officer issue an acknowledgment receipt to complainant
Prime Minister Oli stated that after the landmark political transformation , his Government has given priority to economic transformation with the motto ‘Samriddha Nepal Sukhi Nepali’ .
drinking water/ dewatering pumps/ sanitation facilities/ public health
He added , however , that a great improvement is now visible in just four years .
In line with our traditional ethos of protecting environment , Government of India has taken several initiatives to address climate change concerns under the leadership of Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi and these initiatives reflect India’s commitment towards climate action .
it is also the point at which a customer makes a payment to the merchant in exchange for goods or after provision of a service .
sprinkle insecticides in the water ponds/ stagnant water .
for more details visit international diabetes federation website
enter mobile pin and last 4 digits of account number ( optional ) .
the physiology , pathology pharmacology and metria -medica of this system are established on these theories .
Prime Minister also interacted with the volunteers of MyGov platform , the citizen engagement platform created within two months of the formation of the government .
its financial position should be sound to take care of expenditure for a few months in case the grant is delayed .
four tantra the fundamental text book of this medicine was first translated from india and enriched in tibet with its own folklore and other medical tradition like chinese and persian etc .
any bleeding p/v during pregnancy , and heavy vaginal bleeding during and following delivery
background
smokers tend to be less fit and get short of breath more easily .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has extended his greetings on the occasion of Maha Shivratri .
health problems of any community are influenced by different factors such as social , economical and political factors .
the location of counters is made available through the awareness drive ( leaflets , posters , advertisements etc ) to inform the consumers .
when the illness is over , the child should be given extra nutritious foods every day until she or he is at least the same weight as before the illness .
field inspection  :
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , attended the 50th Raising Day celebrations of Central Industrial Security Forces ( CISF ) , at Indirapuram in Ghaziabad , Uttar Pradesh .
the objectives of ‘ e-kranti ’ are as follows  :
photo copy of the latest electricity bill
collecting data and information as per guidelines .
cash assistance for institutional delivery ( in rs . )
shareable private space on a public cloud .
vaccination of individual bird by the eye-drop route is suggested .
the renewal applications would be fully exhausted before the new applications are considered .
online payments
important judicial pronouncements
the simple habit of hand washing with soap is estimated to reduce the incidence of diarrhoea by nearly half .
hygiene is very important during menstruation .
We propose to shift to BS Six fuels by April 2020 ,which is equivalentto the EURO Six standards .Our refineries are under-going massive up gradation .They are on targetto meet the ambitious deadlines to provide clean fuel .
avoid housing near the industries producing or processing the hazardous chemicals , if possible .
central information commission is constituted by the government of india through a gazette notification under the right to information act 2005 .
inform your local police authority about what has happened and seek their advice on the next safety measures .
Central University of Jharkhand , Ranchi
Attends Convocation of Sher-e-Kashmir University of Agricultural Sciences and Technology ; lays Foundation Stone of infrastructure projects
if the palms and soles are yellow
monthly coaching allowance to mentally retarded and mentally ill students
this would be covered by the exception .
enrollment with rashtriya swasthya bima yojana to be linked with opening of bank account and issuance of aadhaar card .
causes for a coma
such persons should preferably be posted to perform such identified jobs and they be allowed to continue performing such jobs , as far as possible .
using a computer to commit real world crimes .
inspection of work , documents , records  ;
just ask for mobile number & mobile money identifier
many factors can cause epilepsy .
storm surges ( tidal waves ) are defined as the rise in sea level above the normally predicted astronomical tide .
the rehabilitation package shall be
This is the equivalent of EURO six standards .
it fulfills the obligations to the united national convention on the rights of persons with disabilities , to which india is a signatory .
article 47- the state shall regard the raising of the level of nutrition and the standard of living of its people and the improvement of public health as among its primary duties
I . Exchange of best practices
annual lighting emission reduction of 446 kg is equivalent to 44 additional trees
visit a designated office and register yourself .
the application in the prescribed form should be filled in and submitted to the nearest labour welfare officer or office of welfare commissioner as the case may be .
soil health management
higher physiological vigour and stamina
operations may be through issuing branch ( and also in the case of cooperative banks ) through other designated branches at the discretion of bank .
malware attacks on apps have threatened the safety of user ’ s money .
The “Central Tribal University of Andhra Pradesh ” will be set up in Relli village of Vizianagaram District as provided under the Thirteenth Schedule to the Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act , 2014 ( No . 6 of 2014 ) .
shishu  : covering loans upto 50 ,000/-
“Saddened by the demise of Shri Pyarelal Wadali .
foods that are rich in calcium are milk and dairy products .
any of the following agencies/organizations can seek assistance under the scheme  :
affects the heart and blood vessels and may cause fatal complications such as coronary artery disease ( leading to heart attack ) and stroke .
to keep your computer safe , only click links and downloads from sites that you trust .
The platform for the Grand Challenge is the Startup India Portal .
offers on rupay debit card
xerox copy of the reminder ( if you have sent any reminder to bank )
­prevention of danger or threat of any disaster .
preparation of heat wave action plan
He will lay the Foundation Stones of several infrastructure and development projects , including an integrated transport hub , regional water supply schemes , housing projects , and a flyover .
The Prime Minister said that Varanasi is emerging as a centre for medical science in the region .
forward applications
The two leaders then attended the Convocation of the Visva Bharati University .
He said projects worth 12 lakh crore rupees have been speeded up in this way .
all women with diabetes during pregnancy , type 1 , type 2 or gestational should strive for target blood glucose levels throughout to minimize complications .
shedding tassels in maize crosses , disease affected plants , objectionable weed plants etc . , should be within the maximum permissible levels for certification .
identification of transportation facilities
by the age of 3 years
domestic incident report
before buying composted coir dust , it should be ensured that the material is composted completely and quality analysis certificate is available with the material .
Following is the full text of the Prime Minister’s address :
it may consist of the following members  : -
There were blasts in Hyderabad , Ahmedabad , Jaipur , Bengaluru , Delhi , Mumbai , Pune and other places .
mothers should be entitled to take one or more breaks , or a reduction in work hours for breastfeeding , which should not be subtracted from her paid work time .
making school a priority within the community
source  : for complete information on post matric scholarship scheme for other backward classes students for studies in india , click here
rupay , being a domestic scheme is committed towards development of customized product and service offerings for indian consumers .
Mr . Itsunori Onodera , Defence Minister of Japan , called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
The Prime Minister will visit the SantKabir Cave .
`` prescribed '' means prescribed by rules made under this act  ;
rebate on filing of application  : startups shall be provided an 80 % rebate in filing of patents vis-a-vis other companies .
adaptation strategies and adaptation measures being taken by india  ;
to stabilise the income of farmers to ensure their continuance in farming .
establishments registered with the employees ' provident fund organisation should also have a labour identification number allotted to them under the shram suvidha portal .
weaners
mobile banking
they need very little feed , and farmers normally give kitchen wastes , molasses and rice bran , for the purpose .
gestational diabetes is a form of diabetes consisting of high blood glucose levels during pregnancy .
The Prime Minister said that every rupee , and every resource from the Government of India is devoted for the welfare of Indians .
Mentioning the massive expenditure that has to be borne by exchequer on account of frequent elections , and other related issues such as diversion of security forces and civil staff , and impact on development programmes , the Prime Minister called for a constructive discussion on the possibility of holding simultaneous elections for the Union and State Governments .
The development of financial services and products in IFSCs would require focussed and dedicated regulatory interventions .
it is conducted twice every year .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi attended Dussehra Celebrations at Madhav Das Park near Red Fort in Delhi , today .
In the Kumbh Mela , there is a tidal upsurge of faith and reverence .
special schools for children with disabilities shall be equipped with vocational training facilities .
do not reply to anything else the harasser says .
Therefore , an improvised and simpler program design including these issues and under a specialized executing agency ( IRSDC ) , incorporating suitable structural , process and parameters changes , has been adopted to revamp the station redevelopment program .
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong ,
The activities involved in the cooperation viz . development of geological infrastructure , promotion of mining and geology , training programs and establishment of geological data bank would serve the objective of innovation .
however , it is subject to several conditions and your ability to get an abortion will depend on the opinion of the doctor .
at the time of bharat net , the bharat net has to also provide other details related to the bharat net like
the section covers acts , polices and schemes and organisations related to backward classes .
10 . Cooperation in agricultural and food trade ;
growers
the portal provides information on over 3000 career options from 53 key industry sectors - from information technology to textiles , construction to automobiles , pharma and much more .
procedure to register school/college/institution
it will motivate the farmers for natural resource mobilization for input production .
account opening charges
passwords are the first line of defense against cybercriminals .
slum rehabilitation grant of rs . 1 lakh per house , on an average , would be admissible for all houses built for eligible slum dwellers in all such projects .
students passing out of kasturba gandhi balika vidyalayas will be given preference in admission in hostels .
the final examination consisting of written test , practical examination shall be conducted at the end of the three months by the skill council for green jobs .
“The songs and music of Bhupen Hazarika are admired by people across generations .
Are you satisfied with your efforts in the education sector ?
national disaster management authority is also working on revamping of chief inspectorate of factories to strengthen chemical safety in india .
bonded labour system in india is characterized by a long-term relationship between employer and employee , which is usually solidified through a loan or social obligation , and is embedded intricately in india 's socio-economic culture marked by class/caste relations .
Under the scheme Ayushman Bharat 10 crore families are able to get health insurance benefits , it means nearly 50 crore citizens will be covered .
egg production drops dramatically .
shout only as a last resort .
by integrating health and safety into vocational , professional and labour related training programmes as also management training including small business practices  ;
the baby releases the breast when finished .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Arpinder Singh on winning Gold in Men’s Triple Jump event at the 18th Asian Games 2018 in Jakarta – Palembang , Indonesia .
this will be decided separately during the year .
the characteristics of particularly vulnerable tribal groups .
The Prime Minister also spoke of the Union Government’s ambitious health assurance scheme Ayushman Bharat .
tablecloths or sheets ( not nylon ) are excellent for covering the body .
The PM also dedicated to the nation , the new bridge over Nagavali River , Doubling of Railway Lines between Barpali-Dungaripali and Balangir-Deogaon and Electrification of 813 km of Jharsuguda-Vizinagaram and Sambalpur-Angul lines .
you become mindful of your actions or its consequences , including eating .
The Prime Minister encouraged the officers to develop a connect , with the people around them , and with the people they serve , in course of their duties .
the duration of scholarship will be 2 years .
many adolescents suffer from problems such as anxiety and depression , which cause them pain and suffering .
Shri E . S . L . Narasimhan , Governor of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana , and Shri Suresh Prabhu , Union Minister of Commerce & Industry and Civil Aviation were also present on the occasion .
Many other mementoes fetched an auction value that is several times their base price .
inter-operability between payment channels and products
a mass of rotted organic matter made from waste is called compost .
Bilateral cooperation in the field of agriculture and allied sector including joint activities , programmes ,exchange of information and personnel ; cooperation in the field of agricultural crops , agricultural extension , horticulture , machinery , post harvest technology , plant quarantine measures , credit and cooperation , soil conservation , seed technology , livestock improvement , dairy development .
• It will provide impetus to explore newer research activities and application possibilities in the field of remote sensing of the earth ; satellite navigation ; space science and exploration of outer space .
encourage creative play , building and drawing
online bank fraud
book allowance for students pursuing correspondence courses
pullorum
national rural health mission
authorities like the child welfare committees will decide if the child should not be living in his or her current house and instead be moved to a home for children .
He added that Gujarat should be taken as a case study on how development should be undertaken .
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore’s credo of Universal Humanism is reflected in the Union Government’s guiding principle of “Sabka Saath , Sabka Vikas . ”
if both husband and wife who are opening accounts under pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana are eligible for accidental insurance cover of rs .1 .00 lac and life insurance cover of rs .30 ,000/- and overdraft facility of rs .5000/- in both the accounts separately  ?
visit your doctor as soon as possible .
the state programme implementation plans will also include all the individual district/city plans .
using e-know your customer data of aadhaar number , if patient 's mobile number is registered with unique identification authority of india .
this forms the outer layer of all your bones and is very dense .
Among the recipients of the Padma award , ShabbirSayyed of Marathwada is known as the servant of Gau-Mata .
department of information and broadcasting/ commissioners of relief/ state govt/ health department
do not give any food or liquid by mouth , as this will make the casualty choke and block the airway so that he can not breathe
signs and symptoms
the first phase envisages providing one lakh gram panchayats with broadband connectivity by laying underground optical fibre cable lines by decmeber 2017 .
the startups will also have to demonstrate requisite capability to execute the project as per the requirements and should have their own manufacturing facility in india .
browse internet ,
monthly helper allowance admissible to any employee of the hostel willing to extend help to a severely orthopaedically handicapped student residing in the hostel of an educational institution who may need the assistance of a helper
a low cost night shelter made of bamboo or any other cheap material should be available in the area either on the pond embankment or on the water surface .
During his address , Prime Minister highlighted several aspects of India – Japan partnership .
generate one time password
financial assistance to non-government organizations for the rehabilitation of persons with disabilities .
“ ek bharat shreshtha bharat  ” was announced by hon ’ ble prime minister on 31st october , 2015 on the occasion of the 140th birth anniversary of sardar vallabhbhai patel .
what are the conditions which are required to be fulfilled in order to obtain an abortion  ?
The Prime Minister said , “George Sahab represented the best of India’s political leadership .
universal access to mobile connectivity
use battery-powered lanterns or flashlights when examining buildings .
The financing of Kanpur Metro Rail Project will be partly from Govt . of lndia and Govt . of Uttar Pradesh on equal equity basis and partly as soft loan fromBilateral/Multilateral international funding agency/agencies .
it is essential to cover up burnt tissue to prevent infection , which thrives on burnt skin .
recognize and identify common objects and pictures by pointing
The Prime Minister said that change has been initiated in the entire ecosystem of defence procurement .
objectives of trackchild portal
in case the learner requires a verified certificate , a small fee will be applicable .
also input your preferred slots for date and time  ;
in many parts of the world , mothers give birth in unhygienic conditions .
In order to provide free health services to the poorest people , Government of India has launched Pradhan Mantri Jan ArogyaYojanaAbhiyan .
It was agreed to deepen the New Development Partnership in the areas of high impact projects in this field of infrastructure , human resources development and other capacity building projects in Afghanistan .
if a pregnant woman is not immunized against tetanus , and tetanus bacteria or spores enter her body , her life will also be at risk .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi ,today , inaugurated the Kundli-Manesar Section of the Kundli-Manesar-Palwal ( KMP ) Western Peripheral Expressway , at Sultanpur , Gurugram , Haryana .
the constitution secures to the citizens including the disabled , a right of justice , liberty of thought , expression , belief , faith and worship , equality of status and of opportunity and for the promotion of fraternity .
Bhusaval- Bandra Khandesh Express Train flagged off
for inclusion of names -form no . 6
Union Minister for Finance and Corporate Affairs , Shri Arun Jaitley and the Union Minister of State ( I/C ) for MSME , Shri Giriraj Singh , are among those who will be present on the occasion .
kitchen garden unit kit ( using coir pith ) with accessories
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Rasmussen held bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the Vibrant Gujarat Summit in Gandhinagar on 18 January 2019 .
smart phones will be used to capture and upload data of crop cutting to reduce the delays in claim payment to farmers .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , dedicated the Bansagar Canal Project to the Nation in Mirzapur today .
The powers for clearances with respect to CRZ-II and III have been delegated at the State level with necessary guidance .
the overall scope of this programme is
passport seva
The Prime Minister thanked the World Bank President , for the Bank’s continued guidance and support in India’s efforts to improve ease of doing business .
the persons employed in supervisory and managerial capacity are eligible for availing the facilities under different welfare schemes subject to the wage limit of rs .10 ,000/- per month .
major cities in india have witnessed loss of life and property , disruption in transport and power and incidence of epidemics .
for doing so , please contact your bank .
precision irrigation technologies , on farm water management , crop alignment etc . and also to do intensive monitoring of the scheme .
block the user on social media
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today laid the Foundation Stone of the Vishva Umiyadham Complex at Jaspur , Ahmedabad .
the unique mobile expo was launched in october 2007 by science express .
It enables our youngsters to think out of the box and do new things , he added .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people , on Durga Ashtami celebrations .
total upfront investment and risk coverage borne by energy efficiency services limited
central or state autonomous bodies .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Cooperation Agreement between India and the Moroccan National Railways Office ( ONCF ) to develop long-term cooperation and partnership in different areas of railway sector .
it also envisions that the special needs of these women are properly taken care of and under no circumstances they should be left unattended or abandoned which could lead to their exploitation and desolation
( iii ) Services and Information Technology in Health ;
the act also provides for the constitution of the cyber regulations advisory committee , which shall advice the government as regards any rules , or for any other purpose connected with the said act .
try to repeat a simple sentence .
1 . organization of youth exchange programmes ;
watch horror videos
login to your bank app , choose immediate payment service option and generate one time password
preference in transfer/posting -
in addition , the poor would be facilitated to achieve increased access to their rights , entitlements and public services , diversified risk and better social indicators of empowerment .
`` state executive committee '' means the executive committee of a state authority constituted under sub-section ( 1 ) of section 20  ;
ducklings are allowed to go to the running area after 4 weeks .
worms can increase the malabsorption of nutrients  ; roundworm may compete for vitamin in the intestine .
This is the idea that has guided Narendra Modi , even before he became the Prime Minister of India .
they should cough or sneeze into their elbow or a tissue and dispose safely of the tissue .
UDAN has immensely helped to boost air connectivity in India .
It will provide convenient mode of transport for people in Ghaziabad and New Delhi and will ease the traffic congestion .
the central authority and the state authorities set up under the act have the responsibility of such regulation and issue of licenses for establishing and maintaining psychiatric hospitals and nursing homes .
sending obscene or sexually explicit content is a crime under the information technology act .
improve user convenience
the houses constructed/acquired with central assistance under the mission should be in the name of the female head of the household or in the joint name of the male head of the household and his wife , and only in cases when there is no adult female member in the family , the dwelling unit/house can be in the name of male member of the household .
the student can however , accept free lodging or a grant or ad-hoc monetary help from the state government or any other source for the purchase of books , equipment or for meeting the expenses on board and lodging in addition to the scholarship amount paid under this sche
this will benefit farmers of one lakh village covering a total population of nearly 75 crore who will have facility to transact cashlessly in their villages for their agri needs .
The Prime Minister asserted that all countries of Africa , including Uganda , are important for India .
lucky grahak and digi-dhan vyapar yojana
protein foods are essential for the growth of the foetus .
He said that in the construction sector , there is now much greater focus on disaster-resilience , energy efficiency , and local innovation .
stockpiling of health and family welfare , creating medical posts at places of mass gathering
Earlier , at Rajgarh , the Prime Minister will dedicate the Mohanpura Project to the nation .
if there is time to move your boat or ship from port to deep water ( after a tsunami warning has been issued ) , you should weigh the following considerations  :
Prime Minister reaffirmed the high importance that India attaches to its relations with Sri Lanka .
if it looks suspicious , even if you know the source , it ’ s best to delete it .
honorarium of warden @ rs . 5 ,000 per month ( in addition to her salary as teacher )
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the scheme of amalgamation for amalgamating Bank of Baroda , Vijaya Bank and Dena Bank , with Bank of Baroda as the transferee bank and Vijaya Bank and Dena Bank as transferor banks .
each scholar will be paid rs . 5000/- per month for a period of two years to cover his/ her living expenses on traveling , books , art material or other equipment and tuition or training charges , if any .
very minimal physical activity ,
who is undressed or in her underwear , or
The Prime Minister explained how Direct Benefit Transfers are benefiting the common people .
factories by entrepreneurs with disability ,
if you do drink bottled water regularly , make sure that the bottle is properly sealed , opened in front of your eyes and crushed and properly disposed off to avoid reuse and adulteration .
threats in using micro password
send for a doctor or call for an ambulance to take the casualty to hospital
Vikram Misri , Ambassador of India to Myanmar
In Price Support Scheme ( PSS ) , physical procurement of pulses , oilseeds and Copra will be done by Central Nodal Agencies with proactive role of State governments .
vision
Following is the text of Prime Minister’s address :
stand up india scheme
public sector banks are advised that merchant should not be required to pay more than rs . 100 per month as monthly rental for terminals/micro /mobile from the merchants to bring small merchant on board the digital payment eco system .
self-help groups ,
to access all other services , a user has to register .
however , there is some possibility – less than 2 per cent – that a mother can become pregnant before her periods return .
He will dedicate Multi-Modal Logistics Park ( MMLP ) Jharsugudaand other developmental projects to the Nation .
phase i ( april 2015 - march 2017 ) to cover 100 cities selected from states as per their willingness .
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the cyclone-affected States through a package of relief measures .
pneumonia is the world 's leading cause of death in girls and boys under age 5 , closely followed by diarrhoea .
The Multi-Modal Logistics Park ( MMLP ) at Jharsuguda is built at a cost of Rs 100 Crores .
study tour charges upto a maximum of rs .1600/- per annum , limited to the actual expenditure incurred by the student on transportation charges etc . will be paid to the scholars studying professional and technical courses , provided that the head of the institution certifies that the study tour is essential for the scholar for completion of his/her course of study .
note 3  : income certificate is required to be taken once only i .e . at the time of admission to courses which are continuing for more than one year .
the fifth schedule of the constitution deals with the administration and control of scheduled areas as well as of scheduled tribes residing in any state other than the states of assam , meghalaya , tripura and mizoram .
any other items .
has sunken eyes
counsellors who have signed in at national career service portal can access the following services .
babies who are breastfed are generally healthier and achieve optimal growth and development compared to those who are fed formula milk .
hydrogen gas burns in air at very wide concentrations – between 4 and 75 percent .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and President Vladimir Putin of Russia exchanged warm greetings for the Year 2019 in a telephonic conversation today .
actions for school safety
non-adherence to prescribed working hours ,
Ms . Vijay Thakur Singh , Secretary ( East ) , MEA
roll both ways
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today has approved the revised guidelines of the Department of Public Enterprises ( DPE ) on time bound closure of sick/ loss making Central Public Sector Enterprises ( CPSEs ) and disposal of movable and immovable assets .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow ( 11th October , 2017 ) .
the mssion was launched on 21st february , 2016 .
total sum insured would be rs . 30 ,000/- per family per annum on a family floater basis .
these will be subject to a reduction in the interest payable .
modernising R&D laboratory of DGMS .
information on eligibility for government programs will be available , based on the data
No aim or vision for India’s growth .
provide your biometrics , either a finger print or iris and authenticate your self .
looks weak or is lethargic
survivors become asymptomatic carriers with localized infection in the ovary .
these are dangerous signs and a woman should go to a clinic or hospital immediately if she has them .
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone for the Indian Institute of Information Technology ( IIIT ) , at Una .
The Prime Minister inaugurated air services between Jagdalpur and Raipur .
please visit here to know banking ombudsman office jurisdiction .
coughs , colds , sore throats and runny noses are common in the lives of children .
coir pith is composted to reduce the wider c  : n ratio , reduce the lignin and cellulose content and also to increase the manorial value of pith .
Mr . Kwon Pyung-oh , President & CEO , Korean Trade- Investment Promotion Agency
here at bone health , you can learn and understand the basics of bone health .
emergency food ( dry items ) and water ( packed and sealed )
go to a roof and sit on the edge with your legs dangling
The following changes will be made in list of Scheduled Tribes of Arunachal Pradesh :
He said the Union Government aims to develop eastern India as the gateway to South-East Asia .
chemical energy is energy stored in the bonds of chemical compounds ( atoms and molecules ) .
financial assistance for education and assistance under skill development
benefits of the scheme
The Prime Minister was shown a photo exhibit depicting the ongoing restoration work at the temple .
PM will also lay foundation stone/ dedicate to nation , various development projects in Gorakhpur .
you should also select the right engine which makes the pump run at the right seed .
painful contractions every 20 minutes or less
it would create new model degree colleges , new professional colleges and provide infrastructural support to universities and colleges .
These hospitals will be a tremendous boost to the health care sector in Ahmedabad .
rs . 60 ,000/- per half-year
if not , the child could build up resistance to the medicine , reducing its effectiveness the next time it is needed .
safe sex
presence of hair in arm pits , legs , arms and pubic region .
their problems are also very different from group to group .
the koyna earthquake in 1967 led to revision of the seismic zoning map , resulting in deletion of the non-seismic zone from the map .
what are my rights if i am arrested  ? can i get bail  ?
increase the area of any scheduled area in a state after consultation with the governor of that state  ;
once the victim 's temperature drops to about 101 , lay him in the recovery position in a cool room .
Noting that the practice of Triple Talaq has caused great injustice among Muslim women the Prime Minister assured Muslim women that he will will work to ensure that justice is done to them .
talk , read and sing to the child as much as possible
The Prime Minister thanked Japan for the technical and financial help given to India , for this project .
He said that in this journey of Satayagraha to Swachhagraha , the people of Bihar have shown their ability to lead .
excessive thirst
for example machines use mechanical energy to do work .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the inaugural session of the 90th Annual General Meeting of FICCI .
occurrence of most of the diseases can be prevented by following strict hygienic measure and by timely vaccination of pigs .
protection and care from responsive and caring parents and/or other caregivers
the national family health survey data indicate that only 17 % of the women delivering at home were followed by a check-up within two months of delivery .
utility bill payments
anemia  : palpitations , easy fatigability , breathlessness at rest
free legal aid is provided to ensure that opportunities for justice are not denied to any citizen by reason of economic or other disabilities .
if the germs get into water or onto food , hands , utensils or surfaces used for preparing and serving food , they can be swallowed and cause illness .
PM urged he political parties to stop playing with the emotions of the people of Assam for political gain and vote bank .
Like Korea , India has also suffered the pain of cross-border strife .
benefits
approach to implementation
Ms . Aishwarya and Ms . Saundarya briefly performed the “Maithreem Bhajatha . ”
by providing forums for consultations with employers ' representatives , employees representatives and community on matters of national concern relating to safety , health and environment at work place with the overall objective of creating awareness and enhancing national productivity  ;
if a trained health worker provides special medicine for tuberculosis , it is important to give the child all the medicine according to the instructions .
improves cognition and mental and physical development
but most of the glucose may not be able to enter the cells because  :
The Prime Minister also wished the President and Russian people on the occasion of Christmas , which is being celebrated in Russia today .
the act gives you the right to access to information held by “ public authorities  ” which includes authorities , bodies , institution of self government which are established or constituted
issue heat wave alerts and weather forecasts on short / medium / long range duration
The Prime Minister spoke of how the Metro in Delhi has positively impacted the lives of citizens .
online registration of farmer @ rs .100 per member cluster x 50
after registration , you will be issued a registration number .
He said that for Public Sector Enterprises , both profit and generating social benefit are important .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , attended the Gita Aradhana Mahotsav at ISKCON-Glory of India Cultural Centre , New Delhi , today .
mobile viruses can be major threat , particularly with devices that have significant computational capabilities and connectivity options like bluetooth etc
The Prime Minister of Bangladesh , Ms . Sheikh Hasina , will be present at both these events .
do not eat ice-creams , drinks , etc sold by street vendors .
I will also address the Indian Community in Indonesia .
as the oil glands produce much sebum ( an oily substance ) , pimples may develop .
signs that the baby is suckling well  :
a baby should be able to  :
We welcome the establishment of the Capacity Building Mechanism between BRICS Revenue Authorities .
to empower trainees by assisting them to maximize the potential of skill training by providing them a pathway to access long-term sustainable livelihoods .
castration of piglets  :
supporting information
indian meteorological department
For example , this report has not taken into account the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax or GST .
designated insurance company will nominate one office at district level to function as nodal office for co-ordinating implementation of personal accident insurance scheme for revised kisan credit card scheme holders in the district .
PETROTECH-2019 , the 13th International Oil & Gas Conference & Exhibition is being organised under the aegis of the Ministry of Petroleum & Natural Gas , Government of India .
these are often quite small in area , but they may nevertheless be quite deep .
for bulk buyers , processors , exporters , national agriculture market will enable direct participation in the local mandi trade , reducing intermediation cost . stable prices and availability to consumer .
He said that the plan to produce ethanol from biofuel was initiated when Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the Prime Minister .
At a public meeting at Ujire , the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana account holders .
31st december
a police officer or a child labour inspector under the law can also file a complaint .
this includes  :
instructions booklet
the amount of money you lost .
among fruit crops , banana , papaya and coconut are the best .
credit card bill payment
install apps from trusted sources  :
The Union Cabinet has also approved the proposal to create three Joint Secretary level posts , which include one post of Director of the Institute and two posts of Professors .
use of illicit drugs such as cocaine and methamphetamines .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Iran on the establishment of an expert group on trade remedy measures to promote cooperation in areas of mutual interest .
babies born early or with low birthweight or babies with other special needs require special care , love and attention to ensure their survival and optimal growth and development .
proof of age ( if you are a senior citizen )
The Prime Minister fondly recalled their last meeting in Malaysia in May 2018 .
in a supreme court decision , the court said that a person who is alive but does not show any evidence of being aware of one 's environment is in a permanent vegetative state .
abortion of under 4 to 5-month pregnancy - the punishment for getting an illegal abortion is jail time of up to 3 years and/or fine .
illness
the rights and duties of the parties to a marriage whether in respect of disabled or non-disabled persons are governed by the specific provisions contained in different marriage acts , such as the hindu marriage act , 1955 , the christian marriage act , 1872 and the parsi marriage and divorce act , 1935 .
it will navigate to a page with a window containing an animation movie .
best practices adopted in sustainable agriculture , animal husbandry , fisheries , agri-based enterprises , extension practices are covered in the form of case-studies and experiences from experts and practitioners
electrical energy is the energy carried by moving electrons in an electric conductor .
celebrate the girl child & enable her education
what is skimming scam  ?
He added that his Government will ensure that for all the projects for which foundation stone is laid by him will be inaugurated by him .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of veteran journalist and former Rajya Sabha member , Kuldip Nayar .
if for any reason the chairperson of the national authority is unable to attend any meeting of the national authority , the vice-chairperson of the national authority shall preside over the meeting .
after verification , patient needs to enter other personal details .
social mobilization and building strong institutions of the poor is critical for unleashing the innate capabilities of the poor .
do we have any one exhaustive definition of cybercrime  ?
· 3rd BRICS Film Festival 2018 – 22 to 28 July ( Durban )
the legal term for such acts is voyeurism .
there should be no public consumption of liquor or any other intoxicating substances , and their use in general should be discouraged .
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Puducherry .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Gujarat on 23rd August , 2018 .
It means a growth of 50% in the construction of rural roads .
require more space , natural day light and good ventilation .
· 5th Meeting of BRICS Sherpas/Sous Sherpas ( New York , USA )
an application for scholarship should comprise  :
avoid strenuous activities when the outside temperature is high .
log in using registration details and select office and officer with whom appointment is sought .
“On Good Friday we recall the courage and compassion of Lord Christ .
the child vomits frequently .
fostering peace and harmony in the village community
consult a doctor as soon as possible .
Later today , I will inaugurate one such project at Sree Padmanabhaswamy
mentally ill persons have the right to be discharged when cured and entitled to ‘ leave ’ the mental health facility in accordance with the provisions in the act .
The Prime Minister expressed confidence that the building will be completed well within the stipulated time .
to use this facility , employer/ establishment representative need to be registered at shram suvidha portal , if not registered then signup at portal .
moreover , after ratifying the united nations convention on the rights of the child in 1992 , india changed its law on juvenile justice to ensure that every person below the age of 18 years , who is in need of care and protection , is entitled to receive it from the state .
MoU for setting up of the next generation Centre of Excellence ( COE ) in Jordan
Addressing the gathering , the Prime Minister paid homage to the brave freedom fighters , especially the women freedom fighters of Manipur .
In order to strengthen the unity and integrity of India , the Prime Minister urged Governors to involve themselves in initiatives such as Ek Bharat , Shreshtha Bharat ; and Run For Unity .
the applicant 's data is sent electronically for police verification .
supporting information
burns occur when the body is in contact with or too close to dry heat and strong chemicals .
the head of the institution shall report such cases to them and stop recovered at the discretion of the state government .
all children have the right to be raised in a family and to have access to quality health care , good nutrition , education , play and protection from harm , abuse and discrimination .
the amount of award will be transferred in the dedicated bank account “ prerna scheme  ” opened in respective state health society , through cheque/electronic .
2 . The length of Agra Cantt to KalindiVihar corridor is 15 .40 km comprising of 14 stations all elevated .
if you recognize any warning signs in yourself or a loved one , then consult a doctor .
lower head toward knees
by encouraging employers to ensure occupational safety an d health management systems , establish them in efficient manner to improve workplace safety and health  ;
women who are deserted and are without any social and economic support  ;
employ data-at-rest and data-in-transit encryption .
scheme is inclined to nurture and mentor innovative and emerging technologies among start-ups and assist them in protecting and commercialize it by providing them access to high-quality services and resources .
type of animal
traffic movement outside the school should be managed to minimize risk to students at the time of assembling and dispersal of school .
sleep deprivation may impair the balance of hormones regulating food intake and energy balance .
· Meeting of BBF Working Group and BRICS CRA Standing Committee – 18 to 20 April ( Washington , DC USA )
some of the salient features of digital signature are non-repudiation , integrity and authenticity .
disable remote desktop connections , employ least-privileged accounts .
adolescence is time when many young people and their parents have trouble getting along .
further , high humidity compounds the effects of the temperatures being felt by human beings .
The Prime Minister also said that he looks forward to receiving President Macron in India at his earliest convenience .
the air circulates inward in an anticlockwise direction in the northern hemisphere and clockwise in the southern hemisphere .
to make our people aware about the seamless integral hull of the modern indian state spread across a landmass of 32 lakh sq . km , on whose firm foundations , the geo-political strength of the country is ensured benefitting one and all .
That is what we expect from Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership .
applicant those fulfilled eligibility criteria and applying under agriculture must have an active and valid account in any nationalized bank which has electronic clearing system /core banking , to facilitate transfer of scholarship amount directly to their account .
deposits in an account may be made till completion of fourteen years , from the date of opening of the account .
if cooked food is saved for another meal , it should be covered to keep off flies and insects and then thoroughly reheated before being eaten .
The Prime Minister said that the Government is also working to ensure a clean Ganga .
specific requirements
The Union Government had decided to celebrate 7th March 2019 as ‘Jan Aushadhi Diwas’ across India , for creating awareness and providing impetus onthe use of generic medicines .
effective and viable risk pooling and social health insurance to provide health security to the poor by ensuring accessible , affordable , accountable and good quality hospital care .
see the distributors available in the cluster and their star rating in terms of refill delivery performance ( 5 star- excellent , 4 star- good , 3 star- average , 2 star- below average and 1 star - poor ) .
8000 are venomous snakes .
verification of seed source , class and other requirements of the seed used for raising the seed crop .
caseous exudate may form in the sinuses around the eyes .
prevention - fowl pox outbreaks in poultry confined to houses can be controlled by spraying to kill mosquitoes .
2 . At the First level ( tier ) , such commercial disputes will be referred to a Committee comprising of Secretaries of the administrative Ministries/Departments to which the disputing CPSEs/Parties belong and Secretary-Deptt . of Legal Affairs .
the boarding and lodging of the trainees will be provided by the organizing institution .
both men and women , including adolescents , are responsible for family planning .
you can also raise your grievance or check status of bank transaction through the bank app of the participating banks .
after the formation of national disaster management authority , the management of the project was transferred to national disaster management authority in september , 2006 .
complaint should be submitted to concerned bank branch , from where you are operating your account
make every effort to communicate with your son or daughter .
cyclones are usually accompanied by violent storms and bad weather .
any breach on this account shall be the sole responsibility of the participants/ vendors including legal action .
waste management technologies
if this simple procedure should fail to clear the airway , and then open the mouth , clear any debris from it and then hold the tongue between the folds of a handkerchief and pull it forwards .
The Union Minister for Human Resource Development Shri Prakash Javadekar , was also present on the occasion .
the applicant unit may be asked to submit additional information if needed to complete the preliminary assessment .
list of the schemes
don ’ t let the water go waste or store above your house .
diet schedule
the objective is to facilitate the delivery of e-governance ,
this includes safety from large-scale 'natural ' hazards of geological/climatic origin , human-made risks , pandemics , violence as well as more frequent and smaller-scale fires , transportation and other related emergencies , and environmental threats that can adversely affect the lives of children .
bio-diesel mission
changes in sleeping patterns  ; changes in eating patterns  ;
it consists of members from local panchayati raj institutions , ngos , local elected representatives and officials from government sector who are responsible for proper functioning and management of the hospital / community health centre
reduce annual incidence and mortality from tuberculosis by half
to mandate government process reengineering as the essential first step in all new national e-governance plan .
The Prime Minister thanked the delegation for their words of appreciation and support .
plan for family biological disaster plan .
He also congratulated farmer families engaged in dairy farming , and fisheries , as they now have access to Kisan Credit Cards .
national urban health mission would cover all state capitals , district headquarters and cities/towns with a population of more than 50000 .
cases of child sexual abuse under this law have to be tried in special courts so that they get done quickly .
persons with `` benchmark disabilities '' are defined as those certified to have at least 40 per cent of the disabilities specified above .
early protection is critical  ; the immunizations in the first year and into the second year are especially important .
the act came into force during december 2016 .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing and ratification of protocol amending the Agreement between India and China for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to taxes on income .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings on Army Day .
while advancements in technology have minimized or eliminated some hazards at workplace , new risks can emerge in their place which needs to be addressed .
Talking about ensuring inclusive growth in the age of the fourth industrial revolution , the Prime Minister said that disruption does not mean destruction .
the covering should be held in place lightly
Whether it was Mangal Pandey Ji or Chittu Pandey Ji or be it the tradition of Chandra ShekharJi , and HarivanshJi is also in that series .
the grant shall be limited up to rs . 5 lakhs per project .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Bulgaria for strengthening cooperation in the field of Tourism .
income tax concessions
PM also announced ex-gratia of @ Rs . 2 lakh per person to the next kin of the deceased and @ Rs . 50 ,000 to those seriously injured from PM’s National Relief Funds ( PMNRF ) .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the 8th International Convention of Saurashtra Patel Cultural Samaj through video conference .
Sushma Swaraj External Affairs Minister
• MOU on Cooperation in Agricultural Research and Education between the Indian Council of Agricultural Research and the University of Copenhagen , Faculty of Science , Denmark
The Intelligent Traffic Management System will help ease traffic flow .
The funding of the new University/Institute is to entirely come from Ministry of Railways .
Indeed , more than 90% of investments in India are through this route .
all other courses leading to a graduate degree not covered under group a & b
The implementation of GST and other measures of simplification of taxes have reduced transaction costs and made processes efficient .
Prime Minister Modi also said that he is looking forward to his forthcoming meeting with President Frank-Walter Steinmeier , who will be on a State Visit to India on 22-26 March 2018 .
in different states , the position of law is different because of different court orders . for example , in  :
A movement “Swachhta Hi Sewa ” was launched on the 15thof September .
Addressing the gathering through video conference , Prime Minister congratulated the people of Nagpur for the second metro service in Maharashtra .
frequently asked question
early experiences provide the base for the brain 's organizational development and functioning throughout life .
birds extend their head and neck to facilitate breathing ( commonly referred to as “ pump handle respiration  ” ) .
the father and other family members can help by encouraging the mother to rest quietly while she breastfeeds the baby .
in most of himalayan regions sowa-rigpa is practiced in traditional way with community support with an amchi in every village .
a pregnant woman can damage her own health and the health of the fetus by drinking alcohol or using narcotics
here then , we deal only with poisons that enter the body through the skin or by the mouth , whether accidentally or intentionally .
district and block level education authorities
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for establishment of Rashtriya Kamdhenu Aayog for Conservation protection and development of cows and their progeny .
amount of scholarship for scholarships be fixed in accordance with scheme norms
each document will have the following information
in fact , it is on the news frequently for its many number of risks .
In the past four years , more than 6 lakh new professionals have joined the workforce and they have added to more number of jobs for the people .
Under the Comprehensive Primary Health Care aspect of Ayushman Bharat , we will provide preventive and curative services at primary care level to people near their homes .
a pregnant woman ’ s weight should be checked at each visit .
choosing whole-grain bread instead of white bread , brown rice instead of white rice , whole grain pasta instead of refined pasta .
poultry
ensuring regular and punctual attendance of government and panchayat staff
startups may be wound up within a period of 90 days from making of an application for winding up on a fast track basis , as per the recently tabled insolvency and bankruptcy bill 2015 , which has provisions for voluntary closure of businesses .
it is one of the world ’ s largest programs providing for an integrated package of services for the holistic development of the child .
Also at the public meeting in Ghogha , the Prime Minister will inaugurate the Sarvottam Cattle Feed Plant of Shree Bhavnagar District Cooperative Milk Producers Union Ltd .
book bank facility for specified courses and
sitting alone instead of playing with family or friends
the way to minimize this risk is by encrypting the card data as soon as possible and keeping it encrypted to the maximum extent throughout its life within the system .
this would provide satisfaction to the retiring employee and also act as a motivator for serving employees .
this offline aspect makes it a more serious situation as it can easily lead to dangerous physical contact , if the victim ’ s location is known
the approximate amount of energy needed to raise the temperature of one gram of water by one degree celsius .
prevention - it is important to thoroughly clean and disinfect the brooding area between broods .
the passport seva network connects with the state police across all the states and union territories .
based on national optical fibre network experiences , newer , updated and upgraded version - bharatnet was conceived as a nation-wide broadband network .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his condolences over loss of lives in stampede incident in Mumbai .
they would no longer have to deny services to residents without identification documents .
those pregnant women with unwanted pregnancies need to be provided with safe abortion care services after proper counselling .
availability of space near houses and housing pattern .
the skimmer is a small device that scans a credit/debit card and stores the information contained in the magnetic strip .
The Prime Minister encouraged the States to share their views and experiences on the work they have done so far towards Swachh Bharat and sanitation goals .
can voters ’ registration also get aadhaar  ?
coimbatore method
start off by appreciating that burns , other than very small ones , are dangerous , painful and cause shock .
Devotees from Ajmer Sharif Dargah , and railway employees from Rewari in Haryana also interacted with PM .
capacity development in all related areas .
since tsunami wave activity is imperceptible in the open ocean , do not return to port if you are at sea and a tsunami warning has been issued for your area .
startups may be inspected on receipt of credible and verifiable complaint of violation , filed in writing and approved by at least one level senior to the inspecting officer
organization and training of personnel and coordination of such training for effective management of disasters  ;
clicking on malicious or bad links in emails , social media posts , instant messenger chats , etc
“Tributes to two stalwarts of Indian history , Maulana Abul Kalam Azad and Acharya JB Kripalani on their birth anniversaries .
culturing of indian major carps alone  : catla 3  : rohu 4  : mrigal 3
there is lot of concern to reduce maternal mortality and infant mortality .
this helps prevent illness .
the policy seeks to bring the national objectives into focus as a step towards improvement in safety , health and environment at workplace .
food , utensils and preparation surfaces should be kept clean and away from animals .
application and process guidelines for registration as multi-system operators
The Prime Minister exhorted them to work towards achieving this vision .
He said , that similarly , FICCI has a role to play in making GST more effective .
computer threats
children are easily infected with worms , which deplete the body 's nutrients .
· Annual Meeting of the BRICS Business Council – 22 to 23 July Durban
user can transfer fund using code and account number of the beneficiary .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will interact directly with farmers across the country through video bridge at 9 .30am tomorrow .
selection of piped natural gas distributor for an advertised location is done by draw from all the eligible applicants for that location .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has Congratulated Neeraj Chopra on winning Gold in the Men’s Javelin Throw Final at the 18th Asian Games 2018 in Jakarta – Palembang , Indonesia .
declaration on the rights of mentally retarded persons
bend the right arm into the bent position
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people across nation on the various festivals .
persons affected by mining should include people who have legal and occupational rights over the land being mined , and also those with usufruct and traditional rights
accompany victims to the hospital and serve as referral for the unknown
the aadhaar number will be issued only after completion of the local register of usual residents verification process which could take much longer than the time prescribed above .
when evacuation is instructed
In the same vein , he said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore belongs to Bangladesh , as much as to India .
apply dressing along the edge of the wound and hold them in place with a tight bandage , still leaving the foreign body in place
when the stomach has filled with blood , it suddenly contracts and the casualty vomits up all the blood may amount to as much a liter or more .
drafting complete/ provisional specifications for inventions of start-ups ,
the food we eat , the way we keep our body clean , physical exercises and safe sexual relationship , all these play a greater role in maintaining good health of the body .
application process
be able to follow your escape route at night and during inclement weather .
the act envisages a controller of certifying authorities who shall perform the function of exercising supervision over the activities of the certifying authorities as also laying down standards and conditions governing the certifying authorities as also specifying the various forms and content of digital signature certificates .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today chaired his twenty-second interaction through PRAGATI – the ICT-based , multi-modal platform for Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation .
`` state authority '' means the state disaster management authority established under sub-section ( 1 ) of section 14 and includes the disaster management authority for the union territory constituted under that section  ;
States/districts covered :
store breakable items such as bottled foods , glass , and china in low , closed cabinets with latches .
approximately 15 % of the indian landmass has to be covered by such maps at 1  : 50 ,000 scale or higher to classify slopes in various levels of hazards .
The Prime Minister said that the Sursagar Dairy would bring enormous benefit to the people .
“If we succeed in delivering the nutrition coverage to every mother , every child , many lives will be saved . ” added PM .
is the most common form of dementia ( the loss of memory ) and other intellectual abilities serious enough to interfere with daily life
care of the newborn
Following is the text of Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Sweden and the United Kingdom .
“Extremely saddened by the demise of Shri Jagdish Thakkar , the PRO in the PMO .
These projects pertain to various sectors of Health , Sanitation , Smart City , Connectivity , Power , Housing and others .
how to submit application to banking ombudsman
to establish an effective inter and intra departmental/ministerial co - ordination for accomplishing key deliverables of national mission for sustainable agriculture under the aegis of national action plan on climate change .
Akshaya Patra Foundation works closely with the Ministry of Human Resource Development and State Governments to serve quality , hygienic , and nutritious food to millions of children under the Mid -day meal program .The Foundation has served mid-day meals to 1 .76 million children in twelve states covering 14 ,702 schools .
breeder /nucleus - 100 %
these could be either the criminal activities in the conventional sense or could be activities , newly evolved with the growth of the new medium .
He said the Union Government will walk shoulder to shoulder with the State Government in supporting the irrigation targets of the State .
proof of identity
cyber swachhta kendra will provide the services free-of-cost .
the jacket , safety helmets and boots must be provided to all participants , and may be retained by the host institute after the training .
Here in Singapore , you represent the diversity of India .
The Prime Minister said that the entire ecosystem related to defence and security has started to change in the last three years .
all such households where none of the family member is digitally literate will be considered as eligible household under the scheme .
impart education related to the digital payment ecosystem , its tools , benefits and processes
Sulwade Jamphal Kanoli Lift Irrigation Scheme was also unveiled by PM .
is it legal to download movies from websites that host online entertainment content  ?
select hospital and department ,
the governor may make regulations for the peace and good government of any area in the state which is for the time being a scheduled tribes .
the maximum loan that can be granted shall be 75 % of the purchase price .
skin care
on several occasions , like in the cases mentioned above , it has been held by the supreme court that legal aid and speedy trial are to treated as a part of the fundamental rights under article 21 of the constitution .
the placenta may be expelled during the phase of delivery as single mass after the birth of last piglet .
adolescent boys and men can play a key role in preventing unplanned ( unintended ) pregnancies .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today inaugurated the first Assembly of the International Solar Alliance at Vigyan Bhawan .
adolescent health , pregnancy , and reproductive tract health are the major areas of concern where care needs to be taken .
what to do before an earthquake
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has remembered Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya on his death anniversary .
drawing of samples and arranging for analysis to verify conformity to the seed standards  ; and
if the height is low , whatever the heat generated will be dissipated easily .
the most productive mining areas in the country are largely areas inhabited by scheduled tribes .
codes can be used for proximity payments with unified payment interface
children have no votes or political influence and little economic power . too often , their voices are not heard .
it is the actual expression of seed in further generation / multiplication .
( ii ) the Dadra and Nagar Haveli Municipal Council ( Amendment ) Regulation , 2018 ; and
use water carefully
The two Prime Ministers agreed that the visit has imparted new dynamism to the multifaceted partnership between the two countries .
Foundation stone for a permanent campus of Film and Television Institute of India ( FTII ) at Jote , Arunachal Pradesh will be laid by the laid by the PM on this occasion .
disposing of faeces and waste water ( especially from latrines and household cleaning ) well away from any water source used for cooking , drinking or washing
conversion of schools into ‘ smart schools ’ .
The Prime Minister said that in this year’s Union Budget , a provision of 14 lakh crore rupees has been made to strengthen rural and agricultural infrastructure .
At a public meeting , the Prime Minister will unveil a plaque to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of the Rail Coach Refurbishing Karkhana , Sonepat .
An Interim Council will be constituted within 6 months of passing of the Act holding charge for a period of two years until the establishment of the Central Council .
intellectual disability
search suitable candidates
We have launched the massive Namami Gange initiative .
an organ called the pancreas makes a chemical called insulin .
doors opening outside , into open areas or corridors of adequate width are key details that need to be incorporated to make schools safer .
the national health mission seeks to ensure the achievement of the following indicators .
the themes that underpin this policy are  : -
other important information
udaan
cut-off date for receipt of proposals of farmers ( loanee & non-loanee ) .
fastag is a device that employs radio frequency identification technology for making toll payments directly from the prepaid or savings account linked to it .
however , it time consuming to separate hydrogen gas from its companion substances .
21 . The Sides agreed to share the list of their trade exhibitions and fairs as well as of institutions/export promotion councils and other export related institutions from where one can get the details of exporters/importers from both sides to facilitate their interaction .
never wait for a casualty who has swallowed a petroleum preparation to vomit  : casualty should be put in the recovery position from the beginning , with head lower than heart
a low-birth weight baby may need frequent pauses during breastfeeding .
it also provides a generalized framework for recovery and offers flexibility to assess a situation and build back better .
The Prime Minister spoke at length about how the Union Government is working for the welfare of the farmers .
attendance
name
the administrative and other related cost of administering the scheme would be borne by the respective state governments
sleep for eight hours at night and rest for another two hours during the day and refrain from doing heavy work , especially lifting heavy weights
department of health
Fully automated and State of the art Coastal Installation Project will ensure security of the petroleum products for Andhra Pradesh .
in areas where malaria is common , the fever could be caused by malaria , which is dangerous to the health and survival of the child .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for the protocol amending the Agreement between India and Kyrgyz Republic for the avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income .
identify support people  :
severe intellectual disability
early pregnancy can have serious consequences for adolescents under 18 years old , particularly for those under 15 years old .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi addressed the Silver Jubilee Celebrations of the Shree Kutchi Leva Patel Samaj in Nairobi , Kenya via video conferencing , today .
required protein level %
by continuously evaluating the impact of such awareness and information initiatives  ;
treatment procedures
He described Varanasi and Poorvanchal as a hub of handicrafts , and art .
the total wind power capacity added to the country in 2015-16 ( as on oct , 2017 ) has come up to 3300
when re-entering buildings or homes , use extreme caution .
the first days and weeks are especially risky for low-birth weight babies .
The Prime Minister said information commonly asked for is being uploaded on web portals of the concerned departments and Ministries .
nearly 6 .5 lakh machines by public sector banks have been issued to merchants who will be benefitted by the lower rentals and promote digital transactions .
talk , read or sing to the child as often as possible , not only when she or he is hungry or getting ready to sleep .
understanding risk
As we boost our discovery science ecosystem , we must also focus on innovation and start-ups , the Prime Minister said .
similarly , those students studying in residential schools run by the state government institutions , where facilities like boarding , lodging and education are provided and students studying in private schools are also not eligible for the scholarship under this scheme .
at the time of the web publication of this feature , reuters has reported that `` the philippines has yet to arrest the suspected creator of the 'love bug ' computer virus because it lacks laws that deal with computer crime , a senior police officer said '' .
every woman has the right to quality health care , especially a pregnant woman or a new mother .
disable the usernames and passwords of those who leave the school promptly .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Bilateral Investment Agreement ( BIA ) between India Taipei Association ( ITA ) in Taipei and Taipei Economic and Cultural Center ( TECC ) in India .
my name is different in electronic toll collection and aadhaar .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Poland for the Promotion of Civil Aviation Cooperation .
transporting the victim to a meeting point where the ambulance will take over or take the victim directly to the hospital in case the ambulance is busy or not available
e-governance resulting in better service delivery
vehicles visiting the farms should be thoroughly disinfected by appropriate disinfectant spray .
Interacting with the famers’ , Prime Minister said that to ensure the overall welfare of the farmer , government has provided Soil Health Cards ;credit through Kisan Credit Cards ; quality fertilizers through the provision ofNeem coated Urea , crop insurance through FasalBimaYojana and irrigation through Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana .
 . for example , a person with a cold blows or touches his or her nose and then touches someone else who then becomes infected with the virus .
other regions of india
The Prime Minister explained in detail about the benefits of PM-SYM .
The Prime Minister offered sweets to the jawans .
state bank of india , punjab national bank , canara bank , bank of baroda , union bank of india , bank of india ,
electronics manufacturing
The Prime Minister said that India has made some proposals before the international community to ensure that economic offenders do not find sanctuary anywhere .
The Prime Minister offered sweets and exchanged greetings with the jawans .
immediate first aid
esign ensure the privacy of the consumer by submitting only the thumbprint ( hash ) of the document for signature function instead of whole document .
“Statehood Day greetings to the people of Tripura .
“I bow to Dr . Babasaheb Ambedkar on his Mahaparinirvan Diwas .
acute prolapse of the cervix
lithium and other drugs are being investigated .
The total cost of the project is Rs .1811 .33 crores , out of which total 750 crores will be provided by Central & State Government as assistance .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today released the book “Moving On , Moving Forward – A Year in Office ” to mark one year in office of Vice President Venkaiah Naidu .
ransomware can  :
similarly , every year more than 13 lakh infants die within 1year of the birth and out of these approximately 2/3rd of the infant deaths take place within the first four weeks of life .
shock is a life–threatening condition where persistently low blood pressure causes organs such as kidney ( s ) , liver , heart , lung , and brain to fail rapidly .
group learning activities , run by a trained caregiver or teacher at home or in a nursery school or kindergarten , are important in helping children get ready for school .
free accessibility to the records will reduce interface between the citizen and the government functionaries , thereby reducing rent seeking and harassment .
cigarette smoking or exposure to secondhand smoke .
moreover , pig farming fits very well with the integrated farming and also be complementary to intensive crop production programme .
Minister of Women and Child Development .
this may cause less suckling time at the breast , which reduces milk production .
if central public information officer has not given any response to your request for information or access to information within the time limit specified under this act ,
difficulty swallowing and chewing impair the person ’ s ability to eat normally and increase the risk of choking .
similarly the average efficiency of the pumps with diesel engines is 56 % and more than half have efficiency less than 60 % .
The MoUs provide a platform for Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for creation of the Post of Technical Member in Securities Appellate Tribunal ( SAT ) , Mumbai at the level of Secretary to the Government of India in the pay scale of Rs . 2 ,25 ,000/- ( fixed ) or Level 17 of the Pay Matrix as per the 7th Pay Commission .
try to be at home if high tide and heavy rains occur simultaneously
along with the mandate given in the disaster management act 2005 and the national disaster management plan2009 , the national plan has incorporated the national commitment towards the sendai framework .
such apps can work as a proxy utility that sends/receives these links and then launch the appropriate apps that are listening to these intents .
certain groups of people at higher risk of being exposed to rabid animals should consider vaccination to protect themselves  : those who work with animals ( including veterinarians , animal health workers , conservationists , zoologists etc ) .
gums ( gum karaya ) and
do not wake the person by shaking or shouting at them .
all children complete at least eight years of education , and
search and apply for jobs
Earlier today , the PM inaugurated the Vibrant Gujarat Global Trade Showat the Mahatma Mandir Exhibition cum Convention Center in Gandhinagar .
in animals , rabies is diagnosed using a test which looks for the presence of rabies virus in brain tissue .
the applicants irrespective of his /her marital status is eligible for central armed police forces
within 2 months of the act , the local authority had to  :
He was an archer , and a pundit of Gurmukhi , BrajBhasha , Sanskrit , Persian , Hindi and Urdu and many other languages .
The two sides will continue to make efforts with regard to cooperation on US-2 amphibian aircraft .
Similarly , Indian companies have significant presence in several sectors in Israel like IT , Irrigation and Pharma .
He will also address the gathering .
In the same way , you can easily learn the Sanskrit language sitting at home through samskritabharati .in .
In Jharsuguda , the Prime Minister inaugurated Jharsuguda airport , and flagged off the first flight from Jharsuguda to Raipur .
the punishment for committing such aggravated rape is rigorous imprisonment of between 10 years and life along with fine .
He spoke of the fast pace of road construction , railway line construction , new metro systems , high speed rail project , and dedicated freight corridors .
process followed in seed certification
rapid , strong pulse .
The project has augmented the grid connectivity in Jammu & Kashmir .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for closure of Autonomous Bodies , namely , Rashtriya Arogya Nidhi ( RAN ) and Jansankhya Sthirata Kosh ( JSK ) and the functions are proposed to be vested in Department of Health & Family Welfare ( DoHFW ) .
if your unit has already been allotted a labour identification numbe then please verify the information associated with your labour identification number
avoid taking tea or coffee within an hour after a meal
students who pursue their studies through correspondence courses are also eligible .
increasing age
The Composition and Terms of Reference of the Committee will be issued separately by the Ministry of Home Affairs .
This is in addition to Rs . 100 Cr . announced by the Home Minister on 12 .08 .2018 .
genetic counseling is recommended for people who want to have children and have a family history of canavan disease .
community , social & personal service activities
The Prime Minister shall then arrive in JanjgirChampa , in Chhattisgarh .
esign have flexible subscription model for individual users , business entities and governments .
courts usually make this determination by looking at all circumstances surrounding the incident .
the current may have passed through the chest , stopping the heart and stopping breathing .
hemorrhagic stroke
And , we also work with partners beyond the Indian Ocean Region to ensure that the global transit routes remain peaceful and free for all .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Himachal Pradesh , on the statehood Day .
in the wet form there are canker-like lesions in the mouth , pharynx , larynx , and trachea .
In the three years of this government this figure has crossed 2100 kilometers mark .
for long term shelter requirements , arrangements will be made with swadhar greh/short stay homes ( managed/affiliated with government ) .
the programme will be implemented over a five-year period in 4 ,401 towns .
Implementation strategy and targets :
universal account number  :
the scholarship amount under prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme from the academic year 2015-16 onwards for applicants selected under fresh and renewal categories is being credited/ transferred directly into the bank account of the selected applicants through public finance management system under the direct benefit transfer programme of the government .
Loan of upto Rs . 50000 is given under sub-scheme ‘Shishu’ between Rs . 50 ,000 to 5 Lakhs under sub-scheme ‘Kishore’ and between Rs . 5 Lakhs to Rs .10 Lakhs under sub-scheme ‘Tarun’ .
have a disaster emergency kit ready
decreased or absent foetal movements
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) signed between India and Denmark on technical cooperation in the field of Sustainable and Smart Urban Development in April , 2018 .
hence the quality seed should have
do not overheat by applying too many blankets or hot water bottles – keep the casualty just warm , and do not let him shiver with cold
NIMHR will be the first of its kind in the country in the area of mental health rehabilitation .
He said Gram Swaraj Abhiyan is now being extended to 65000 more villages , with a target date of 15th August .
it is important to diagnose and treat these conditions as early as possible .
Noting that our strengths in research and development are built on the backbone of our national laboratories , central universities , IITs , IISC , TIFR and IISERs , the Prime Minister said that a strong research ecosystem must be developed in the State Universities and Colleges , as well .
entering primary school on time is critical to ensure the continuity of a child 's development .
books and ad hoc grant ( rs . per annum )
women  : upto 45 yrs
serve as a decision support system as up-to date information is available on demand
consumers also have the option of paying for the light-emitting diode in equated monthly instalments .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has remembered Swami Vivekananda , on his Jayanti .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives in the earth quake that has affected parts of Iran and Iraq .
“Saddened by the passing away of Shri Mohammad Asrarul Haque , the Lok Sabha MP from Kishanganj in Bihar .
if she becomes pregnant , she should be supported to receive prenatal care early in the pregnancy from a trained health worker .
exercise and diet can either reduce or delay the incidence of diabetes by over 50 % .
earthquakes
article 47 of the constitution imposes on the government a primary duty to raise the level of nutrition and standard of living of its people and make improvements in public health - particularly to bring about prohibition of the consumption of intoxicating drinks and drugs which are injurious toone ’ s health except for medicinal purposes .
following are details of specific services which will be provided during pradhan mantri surakshit matritva abhiyan
school safety is not a onetime effort but a continuous process .
“Capsizing of a boat in the Krishna River is anguishing .
The main objectives of the Memorandum of Understanding are :
what is fastag  ?
ladakh
a vehicle should be identified which should be available whenever the woman needs it , to take her to the health facility .
The Prime Minister appealed to all devotees of Ma Umiya , to become Swachhagrahis , and add strength to the Swachh Bharat Mission .
jeevan pramaan uses the aadhaar platform for biometric authentication of the pensioner .
village health & sanitation samiti ( at village level consisting of panchayat representative/s , anganwadi worker , teacher , community health volunteers
keep some dry non-perishable food always ready for use in emergency
in normal course , information to an applicant shall be supplied within 30 days from the receipt of application by the public authority .
india newborn action plan was launched in september 2014 ,
consolidation of past initiatives and best practices .
malaria should be suspected if anyone in the family has a fever , or if young children refuse to eat or have vomiting , diarrhoea , drowsiness or fits .
reduce annual fuel costs by rs 2532 - 3351
availability of digital resources / services in indian languages .
Huge potential for technology spinoffs in areas such as medicine , agriculture , industrial safety , pollution , waste management , water and food resource management etc .
on qualifying graduation ( for boys & girls )
conclusion
and it 's not possible to tell if having a stroke or a transient ischemic attack based only on your symptoms .
Interacting with the Prime Minister , the members shared their experiences and success stories associated with Self Help Groups .
In Gujarat , civil aviation infrastructure has not only been strengthened but also air connectivity has been enhanced .
article 24 prohibits employment of children ( including the disabled ) below the age of 14 years to work in any factory or mine or to be engaged in any other hazardous employment .
no person including the disabled irrespective of his belonging can be treated as an untouchable .
pradhan mantri khanij kshetra kalyan yojana
a 1 photovoltaic panel generates 4 power if there is sunshine for 5 hours .
name of the vaccine
The Union Government attaches topmost importance to the development of eastern India , he added .
chapter-vii of the act details about the scheme of things relating to digital signature certificates .
the ministry of new and renewable energy through state nodal agency will provide course fee to the institute at the rate of rs 25/- per hour x 30 participants x 600 hours which amounts to rs 4 .50 lakhs .
a rigid diesel pipeline , with bigger diameter saves energy .
President Widodo thanked the Prime Minister for the condolence and the offer of assistance .
can be exploited wherever sufficient water flows -along small streams , medium to small rivers and also harness abundant sun-shine , wind-energy and other bio-energy sources .
These projects will help in better time and rail traffic management .
does the customer need to register a beneficiary before transferring funds through united payment interface  ?
this fund will also function as an autonomous patent pool and licensing agency .
heamorrhage can happen as late as ten days or more after delivery .
Friends , our former Prime Minister , Lal Bahadur Shastri Ji gave us the slogan , जय जवान जय किसान।
the secretariat deals with mitigation , preparedness , plans , reconstruction , community awareness and financial and administrative aspects .
The Prime Minister said that since 2014 ,India has made significant improvements in almost all international rankings and indices .
Similarly , he said the National Police Memorial has also been built .
the selection of these sub districts by the ministry would be based on parameters such as
view realtime sanitation coverage in percentage
these are mostly low cost , regular maintenance items that the school should address on a regular basis from their own funds .
hazards include structural and non- structural factors .
In response , he said that competition should not be with others , but with one’s own record .
say her or his own name and age
I am also confident that India may have missed the bus during the first three industrial revolutions , but this time , it is a bus India has not only boarded but will also drive .
bharat interface for money is developed by the national payment corporation of india .
3 . Creation of a PMP valid for 5 years till 2024 to localize production across the entire Electric Vehicles value chain .
( b ) The scheme shall come into force on 1 .4 .2019 .
In this way genuiness of import contract can be easily ensured as well as many litigation matter resulting in delay in the import can be avoided .
do not add this warm water directly to the injury .
filter water with a cloth or mud pot or candle filter .
He said the Union Government is equipping the Indian Army with modern aircraft , helicopters , submarines , ships and weaponry .
go solar
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister said that Chaudhary Chhotu Ram ji was one of those social reformers , who made an important contribution for India .
the first five years of a child 's life are fundamentally important .
Both Prime Ministers expressed their commitment to support and strengthen global export control , non-proliferation and disarmament objectives and looked forward to close cooperation in these areas .
national rural health mission focuses on reproductive , maternal , newborn , child health and adolescent services .
wax get formed in ears and block the airway .
whether you are a concerned adult or a child , you can dial 1098 , the toll free number to access our services .
at the time of selection for the award of scholarship the candidate must have scored at least 55 % marks or equivalent grade in class viii examination .
ensure integrity of the codes /scripts being used in database , authentication and sensitive systems ,
it will also provide employment for rural youth in the supply chain of cooking gas .
60 breaths a minute  ;
if you ’ re getting redirected or seeing pop- up ads , unwanted toolbars , or strange search results , your computer may have malware .
26 of such projects belong to Maharashtra only , Panzara project is one of them .
Recalling Guru Gobind Singh’s fight for the weaker sections , the Prime Minister in his Mann Ki Baat radio program broadcast on 30th December , 2018 said that Guru Gobind Singh ji believed that the biggest service is to alleviate human sufferings .
snapshot of india newborn action plan
follow strict hygienic measures .
pradhan mantri gramin digital saksharta abhiyan
• We are grateful for the support of the Japanese Government for this Project .
whether we realize it or not , every action and every reaction in cyberspace has some legal and cyber legal perspectives .
creep feeding
for example , a conventional combustion-based power plant usually generates electricity between 33 to 35 percent efficiency .
under the earthquake action there may be broken or leaking gas lines , and under the tsunami flooded electrical circuits , or submerged furnaces or electrical appliances .
the heat-wave action plan aims to provide a framework for implementation , coordination and evaluation of extreme heat response activities in cities/town in india that reduces the negative impact of extreme heat .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Bahrain on cooperation in the field of Healthcare .
creation / expansion of food processing & preservation capacities .
only non-combustible , fire-proof , heat resistant materials shall be used in school construction .
providing assistance m filing and disposal of the industrial policy and promotion applications related to patents , trademarks and design under relevant acts at the national industrial policy and promotion offices under the controller general of patent , trademark and design  ;
He will also launch a Local Government Directory .
revamped rashtriya swasthya bima yojana
leave early before your way to high ground or shelter gets flooded
He mentioned that the Union Government has initiated the “Mission Organic Value Development for North Eastern Region . ”
swachh bharat mission
My relation with HH Pramukh Swami Maharaj was a special one .
children learn quickly when they feel loved and secure from birth and when they play and interact with family members and other people close to them .
payment of court-fees , process fees and all other charges payable or incurred in connection with any legal proceedings  ;
for example ,
The Prime Minister said that the entire region of Eastern Uttar Pradesh is undergoing rapid transformation .
who is a 'manual scavenger '  ?
It is the NDA government that has had the honour of creating a new department for fisheries .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi will visit Kurukshetra in Haryana on February 12 , 2019 .
soyabeen
Principal Commissioner , DDA as Member Secretary .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated weightlifter Vikas Thakur on winning the Bronze medal at the Commonwealth Games .
medicines  : aspirin , sleeping tablets , tranquilizers , iron tablets
in case of the labour laws , no inspections will be conducted for a period of 3 years .
state of the art technology infrastructure
The exchange of scientific and bibliographical information related to the study of Antarctica , its environment and dependent and associated ecosystems ;
regular cleaning of pig sties keep the pig healthy and disease free .
any epidemic spread in the area
He also reviewed ongoing projects undertaken by NDMA .
I am informed that 30 percent of these beds are free beds , which means patients are not charged .
PM will lay foundation stone for Agra Metro Rail Project .
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine infrastructure projects in the railway , road , petroleum , and power sectors .
The MoU was signed on 8th April , 2018 .
the pump works more efficiently when it is not more than 10 feet above the water level of the well .
project reports/thesis typing/printing charges up to a maximum of rs .1600/- will be paid to research scholars on the recommendation of the head of the institution .
treatment - no treatment is available .
early marriage and pregnancy
in the form of income declaration , income is to be declared on this basis .
signs of damage to tendons or nerves include  :
deposits
He expressed happiness at the inauguration of the Convention Centre in Itanagar .
this has several advantages  :
He mentioned shorter refill times for LPG cylinders , shorter waiting times for Income Tax refunds , passports etc .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Cooperation ( MoC ) between Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers ( FLETC ) ,USA and Bureau of Police Research & Development ( BPR&D ) , India on Law Enforcement Training .
thereafter , five such adarsh grams ( one per year ) will be selected and developed by 2024 .
practice fuel efficiency in the kitchen
reduce annual lighting emissions by 371 kg
On the subject of peer pressure , the Prime Minister spoke of the importance of “Anuspardha ” ( competing with oneself ) , rather than “Pratispardha ” ( competing with others ) .
discuss tsunamis with your family .
keep all point of sale systems regularly updated including point of sale application software .
coins and bars can earn interest apart from the appreciation of value
age of lady should not exceed 30 years
· 2nd BRICS Seminar on Governance , 3 to 4 July ( Johannesburg )
recover and build
During his address , the Prime Minister cited an example to highlight how Make in India has become a brand and is now becoming popular across the world .
coverage , value of scholarship and ad-hoc grant
greenish diarrhea develops in terminal stages .
fan or move victim to air - conditioned place .
reimbursement of compulsory non-refundable fees
to know the project implementation statistics , click here .
similar layers are laid one over the other till the material rises 0 .75 m above the ground level .
growth in tribal literacy rates .
always try to remember passwords
provide the mother with medications if necessary and instructions on how , when , and for how long to administer them
seats  : presently , there shall be 30 seats for each batch of training program .
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 186
digital india land record modernization programme
a receipt in acknowledgement of the scholarship in the previous year on the form attached to the application only duly counter-signed by the head of the institution concerned , if the applicant was in receipt of a scholarship under this scheme in the preceding year .
the elements which are at highest risks due to chemical disaster primarily include the industrial plant , its employees & workers , hazardous chemicals vehicles , the residents of nearby settlements , adjacent buildings , occupants and surrounding community .
click here to know the address of banking ombudsman of your state/area
it meets glucose and enables it to enter the cells .
At the General Zorawar Singh Auditorium in Jammu , the Prime Minister will lay the Foundation Stone of the Pakul Dul Power Project , and the Jammu Ring Road .
The MoUs facilitate exchange of technical experts , reports and technical documents , training and seminars/workshops focusing on specific technology areas and other interactions for knowledge sharing .
where mentally ill persons own properties including land which they can not themselves manage , the district court upon application has to protect and secure the management of such properties by entrusting the same to a ‘ court of wards ’ , by appointing guardians of such mentally ill persons or appointment of managers of such property .
watch for loose plaster , drywall , and ceilings that could fall .
family planning services provide men and women of childbearing age with the knowledge and the means to plan when to begin having children , how many to have , how far apart to have them and when to stop .
independence
drivers need to be appropriately trained on speed limits , stoppage of vehicles as well as crisis management so that children remain safe during their travel to and from schools .
a disabled person has the right to have his guardian removed under certain conditions .
online complaint registration with bank
the mine workers doing manual , unskilled , highly skilled and clerical work are eligible for availing all facilities under different welfare schemes of labour welfare organization irrespective of the wages paid to them .
passport seva was launched by the ministry of external affairs as a mission mode project in may 2010 to augment and improve the delivery of passport services to indian citizens .
Just like the aspirations and power of the youth , India is doing big , transformative things , the Prime Minister said .
to prepare india for a knowledge future .
% of households having no litter around them
the scheme would commence from 1st october , 2016 .
I was pleased to see that there has been significant participation and presence from African countries in our States .
For decades , our brave soldiers wearing blue helmets have played a stellar role in ensuring maintenance of World Peace .
Due to the efforts of security forces and endeavours made by State Governments , and also due to the implementation of Central and State Government developmental schemes and the people’s participation , Tripura and Meghalaya have been liberated from the Armed Forces Special Power Act .
From Itanagar , PM will return to Guwahati .
as per the indian constitution , access to education is a fundamental right of each child in the country .
user friendly
pradhan mantri suraksha bima yojana
1st step
this weather pattern , coupled with the el - nino effect , is increasing the temperatures in asia .
cotton handloom stitching machine & accessories for manufacturing janatha mattress
closure on maturity
feeding should be done at frequent intervals in small quantities to minimize the residual feed and thereby will reduce digested problems .
fire is the most frequent hazard following floods .
it reduces the risk of her baby being born prematurely and/or underweight .
a child with a cough or cold should be kept warm and encouraged to eat and drink as much as possible .
flammable and hazardous materials sources are limited , isolated , eliminated , or secured .
the students having less than 40 % disability ( certified by competent medical authority of the state governments . ) are not eligible .
these laws were originally drafted to combat organised crime , and grant more power to the police , especially by keeping people in custody without actually arresting them .
Reiterating his strong stance against corruption , PM said that his Government is committed to eliminating middlemen and corruption .
what to do during an earthquake
the child victim in such cases generally does not report these offences .
nuts and oilseeds
seizures
The Prime Minister of Italy ,Mr . Giuseppe Conte , was also present on the occasion .
format of the recommendation letter from any incubator established in a post-graduate college in india
Following is the text of the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s departure statement prior to his visit to Nepal .
His simplicity and humility were noteworthy .
the ponds can be seasonal or perennial .
He also felicitated Trainees under the Pradhan Mantri Gramin Digital Saksharta Abhiyan .
· BBF Working Group Meeting and BRICS CRA Standing Committee Meeting – 19 to 22 July ( Argentina )
reliance capital pension fund limited
violence against women is a serious public health problem in most communities .
source  : environmental education centre , chennai
registration for jeevan pramaan
collect / pull money basis virtual
state governments are being advised that the state governments and its organizations should also consider to absorb the transaction fee/ charges related to digital payment to them and consumer should not be asked to bear it .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization ( CDSCO ) , India and National Agency for Drug and Food Control ( BPOM ) , Indonesia on cooperation in the field of pharmaceutical products , pharmaceutical substances , biological product and cosmetics regulatory functions .
The President , Shri Ram Nath Kovind , the Vice President , Shri Venkaiah Naidu , and the Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today offered floral tributes at the statue of Sardar Patel , at Patel Chowk in New Delhi , on the occasion of the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel .
these practices include washing vegetables and fruits , keeping food preparation surfaces clean , and washing hands with soap and water or with a substitute , such as ash and water .
harsh chemicals or detergents are not necessary and even can be harmful .
By the press of button , PM will unveil plaques to :
He said that the target is universal coverage in seven important welfare schemes : Ujjwala , Saubhagya , Ujala , Jan Dhan , Jeevan Jyoti Yojana , Suraksha Bima Yojana , and Mission Indradhanush .
communicable and non-communicable diseases .
In addition . the Prime Minister will dedicate the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal Terminal at Bengaluru to the nation .
applications received from the eligible applicants under new category will be shortlisted on the basis of order of preference as mentioned below and percentage of marks obtained by them in minimum entry qualification  : -
various other ministries can co-contribute premium for various categories of their beneficiaries out of their budget or out of public welfare fund created in this budget out of unclaimed money .
either of the parents of the students should be beedi , iron ore manganese & chrome ore mines , limestone & dolomite mines , cine worker with at least six months service .
you can also send money to anyone by using their payment address .
valid clearance/approval from the concerned state environment/ pollution control board .
it is safe to have sex throughout the pregnancy , as long as the pregnancy is normal .
women associated with self-help groups
Prime Minister Modi appreciated the ongoing participation by EU companies in the flagship initiatives and called for their deeper engagement in India’s developmental priorities .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises .
such applicants should be recommended by the state government and physically inspected by one of the organizations of ministry of culture before bringing it to the expert committee .
the various pumps sets available in the market require different quantities of diesel for pumping water .
The second project to be dedicated to the nation is the 135 km long Eastern Peripheral Expressway ( EPE ) , stretching from Kundli on NH 1 to Palwal on NH 2 .
to apply online , click here .
trainers and placement organisations together on one platform by offering convergence of information that enlightens minds and empowers people .
refrain any medication unless prescribed by a qualified health practitioner .
however , no participants shall be allowed to be awarded certificate at the end of training unless he/she has 90 % attendance in total .
Investments through our “Make in India ” initiative , have been well supported by programmes like ‘Digital India’ and ‘Skill India’ .
At Rae Bareli , the Prime Minister will inspect the Modern Coach Factory .
Via video link , he flagged off the first 12000 HP Freight Electric Locomotive , and the Champaran Humsafar Express .
is cyber harassment also a cybercrime  ?
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Odisha on 24th December , 2018 .
the baby should be kept on the breast until she or he has finished suckling .
changes in personality  : the personalities of people with dementia can change dramatically .
Thanking the CEOs for sharing their views , the Prime Minister said that their observations indicate tremendous enthusiasm , about India .
until technology is developed that can make the whole process a lot more simpler , then hydrogen energy will continue to be an expensive option .
pregnant women are more likely to suffer from malaria than other women .
nonstructural safety measures in schools
this exploit is named as eternalblue .
supporting information
H .E . Kim Hyun-chong , Minister for Trade , Industry & Energy , RoK
pre matric scholarships under ministry of labour and employment
It’s the spirit that unites a lion nation and a lion city .Singapore is our springboard to ASEAN .
The transformation of the Gujarat in the past couple of decades is due to meticulous planning and hard work of the people in the State , PM said .
what can i do  ?
For these purposes the Sides maintain cooperation between the National Rail and Transportation Institute ( Vadodara ) of the Republic of India and the Russian University of Transport ( MIIT ) .
executive summary guidelines have been prepared to enable the various implementing and stakeholder agencies to effectively address the critical areas for minimising flood damage .
tenant farmers , oral lessees and share croppers etc .
this appeal must be made within 30 days of the ombudsman ’ s decision .
PM will lay the Foundation Stone of Defence Corridor in Jhansi , Uttar Pradesh .
employers must register on the apprenticeship portal .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe , on victory in the snap polls held on Sunday .
note  : compulsory non-refundable fee charged by recognized institutions against free and paid seats of recognized courses can be fully reimbursed as per the fee structure approved by the competent state/central government authority .
while travelling , carry water with you .
don ’ t get carried away by rumors and don not spread rumors .
vomiting and stomach pain ( often mistaken as the fever related )
They also thanked the Prime Minister for the various schemes he introduced andpointed out that most of the schemes have been a life changer for many .
over-the-counter payments
the tsunami that occurred during 2004 sumatra-andaman earthquake of mw 9 .3 was primarily caused by vertical displacement of the seafloor , in response to slip on the inter-plate thrust fault .
and ( 2 ) take zinc tablets or syrup for 10–14 days .
The Prime Minister mentioned how international organizations and agencies were looking at India very differently today , as compared to 2013 .
if all these conditions can be met , the baby can be fed a quality breast milk substitute alone for the first six months , with no breast milk or other foods .
hence clean the nose whenever needed .
The numbers of martyrs covered in this volume is more than 3300 .
all documents in original must be produced as and when called for .
In Uganda , Prime Minister will deliver a Keynote address at the Parliament of Uganda – the first Indian Prime Minister to address the Ugandan Parliament .
entitlement for giving free legal services
personal accident insurance scheme -salient features
the vision and mission of the ministry is sustainable and inclusive growth of rural india through a multipronged strategy for eradication of poverty by increasing livelihoods opportunities , providing social safety net and developing infrastructure for growth .
They also noted the benefits from a number of people-centric development cooperation projects being carried out with India’s assistance in Sri Lanka .
impaired glucose tolerance is a category of higher than normal blood glucose , but below the threshold for diagnosing diabetes .
participate in events and job fairs
use safe drinking water .
it should be free from designated diseases
The PM-SYM along with the health coverage provided under ‘Ayushman Bharat’ and life & disability coverage provided under ‘Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana’ and ‘Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana , will ensure comprehensive social security coverage for the workers in the unorganized sector at their old age .
stay away from glass , windows , outside doors and walls , and anything that could fall , ( such as lighting fixtures or furniture ) .
alzheimer 's and the brain
The Prime Minister will also address the gathering .
then you will get list of right to information online portal guidelines .
the other community volunteers built under jawahar lal nehru national urban renewal mission , swarna jayanti shahari rozgar yojna etc . can also be utilized for this purpose .
annual lighting emission reduction of 26 kg is equivalent to 2 additional trees
( b ) CRZ-III B – Rural areas with population density of below 2161 per square kilometre as per 2011 Census .
a little oil can be added to cereal and vegetables , about 1 or 2 teaspoons .
capturing a woman using a toilet , or
availability of digital resources / services in indian languages .
they should be entitled to maternity leave , employment protection , and medical benefits and , where applicable , cash support .
she breastfeeds exclusively
do not forget to note the complaint number and follow up your complaint using the same number .
detection and alarm systems ( especially urban set ups ) are working  ;
water is again formed , when hydrogen is used .
cleaning of eyes , ears and nose
It is farmer friendly , common man friendly , business environment friendly as well as development friendly .
In this context , he mentioned the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code .
The Prime Minister said that the process of making Metro systems is also linked to cooperative federalism .
imitate the behaviour of others
all existing as well as new schools need to conform to safety standards as per the national building code .
some forms of hair loss can be prevented by minimizing stress , eating a healthy diet and using sensible hairdressing techniques , and , if possible , switching to medications that do not cause hair loss .
The Prime Minister said that the inland water-way would save time and money , reduce congestion on roads , reduce the cost of fuel , and reduce vehicular pollution .
mission
construction of low cost water harvesting pond for integrated farming systems
worldwide terminology
On the occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti tomorrow , Prime Minister Narendra Modi will visit the aspirational district of Bijapur in Chhattisgarh .
to access the same , click here . .
ombudsman will resolve the issue .
over 200 viruses can cause the common cold
innovative schemes
Boost to Healthcare Infrastructure
for effective implementation of the scheme , facilitators shall be empanelled by the controller general of patent , trademark and design .
the sample chosen will be bagged and coded .
indian gold coin
Shri Suresh Prabhu Commerce & Industry Minister , India and Dr . Harsh Vardhan , Science and Technology Minister , India
The Summit , will be co-hosted by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare , WHO South East Asia Regional Office ( SEARO ) and Stop TB Partnership .
1 . Vocational education services for Indian citizens for skill development in the field of construction , electric-power production and distribution , manufacturing industry , trade , auto service and household goods repair and maintenance , transport , communication , hotels and restaurants as well as other fields being in high demand in India ;
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal of the Ministry of Power for Signing of “Memorandum of Understanding for Establishment of the BIMSTEC Grid Interconnection ” .
a tropical cyclone begins to weaken in terms of its central low pressure , internal warmth and extremely high speeds , as soon as its source of warm moist air begins to ebb , or is abruptly cut off .
The Government of India , in association with the Partnership for Maternal , Newborn and Child Health ( PMNCH ) , is hosting a two-day international conference on 12th and 13th December 2018 , bringing together about 1500 participants from across 85 countries to improve the health and well-being of women , children and adolescents .
never put butter , flour or baking soda on a burn
It is common knowledge that one of the things our armed forces regularly need are bullet proof jackets .
In addition , I would also participate in the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Leaders’ Meeting .
development of waterlogged areas through surface , sub surface and bio-drainage technology
encephalitis
talk to your son or daughter about healthy ways of dealing with the stresses and strains of everyday life , such as doing activities that they find relaxing , being with people they like , and doing some physical activity .
develop a cloud based management information system that tracks entrepreneurs , training institutes ( project institutes ) , faculty , students and outcomes .
The Cooperation Agreement was signedon 14th December , 2017 .
all residents should have adequate housing , and there should be no homeless family .
India-Russia : an Enduring Partnership in a Changing World
the science express climate action special ii will run from february 17 to september 8 2017 , culminating its journey at gandhinagar .
the universal account numbe is being seeded with bank account and aadhar card and other number details for financial inclusion of vulnerable section of society and their unique identification .
submit attested photocopies of all your up-to-date education and experience-related certificates along with your resume .
it is a perennial , natural source and free
pond preparation  :
Prime Minister has invited President Putin for the 19th Annual Summit in India later in the year .
The Prime Minister spoke of the Union Government’s vision of Transformation through Transportation .
the himalayas alone count for landslides of every fame , name and description- big and small , quick and creeping , ancient and new .
common sites include the base of the skull where the trapezius muscles of the neck inserts , the temple where muscles that move the jaw are located , and the forehead .
any snakebite victim should go to a hospital emergency department unless the snake is positively identified as nonvenomous .
crisis intervention
During 12th FYP period , in rationalization exercise undertaken in consultation with Ministry of Finance and NITI Aayog , the eight schemes were brought under the umbrella scheme of Rashtriya Yuva Sashaktikaran Karyakram as sub-schemes .
such accidents are significant in terms of injuries , pain , suffering , loss of lives , damage to property and environment .
if any problem exist in chat , completely change your online identification
in case you are a piped natural gas customer , please use the declaration of loss of subscription voucher by piped natural gas consumers format .
process
to support students with disabilities to study further in order to prepare themselves to earn their livelihood and to find a dignified place for themselves in the society as they face several barriers physical , financial , psychological , mental in pursuing studies and living with dignity .
This is the initiative of Ek Bharat , Shreshtha Bharat .
In keeping up with his promise and commitment , the Prime Minister inaugurated Global Investors summit in Guwahati on February 4 and Magnetic Maharashtra on February 18 this year .
PM will inaugurate Lucknow Metro Rail Project .
scheme currently covers 3 crore workers .
besides , there are thousands of registered and hazardous factories ( below criteria ) and un-organized sectors dealing with numerous range of hazardous material posing serious and complex levels of disaster risks .
germs grow quickly in warm food .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today met and exchanged new year greetings with PMO officials and SPG personnel , at Lok Kalyan Marg .
“ the persons with disabilities ( equal opportunities , protection of rights and full participation ) act , 1995  ” had come into enforcement on february 7 , 1996 .
new definition of village electrification came into effect from the year 2004-05 .
The Prime Minister said that a lot has been achieved since independence , but several challenges have arisen as well .
the skin may become more oily .
Democracy cannot succeed without constructive criticism .
The Agreement was signed on 26th March , 2018 .
inefficient pumps - field study has indicated that average efficiency of the pumps operated by electric motors is 47 % and about two third of the pumps are operating at efficiencies less than 50 % .
it is a tri-ministerial effort of ministries of women and child development , health & family welfare and human resource development .
Implementation strategy :
substance use and violent behaviour .
step v - send the form and documents by post to the voters ’ registration and center of your assembly constituency .
“Dictionary of Martyrs : India’s Freedom Struggle ( 1857-1947 ) ” , Volume 3 .
job-seekers can now make an informed decision by going through the 3000+ career options available to them from as many as 53 industry sectors on the national career service platform .
sending unsolicited e-mail  ;
The Prime Minister will later address the conclave .
entry criteria
Our Ministers have covered virtually all African nations .
the installments shall be released in the slab of 25 % ( advance ) , 60 % ( after lintel level ) and 15 % ( after completion ) .
children should be immunized against rotavirus in countries that offer this vaccination .
pradhan mantri ujjwala yojana
prevention - prevention programs should include vaccination , good sanitation , and implementation of a comprehensive biosecurity programme .
The Prime Minister said that the State Government is focusing on next-generation infrastructure .
vision of an “ adarsh gram  ” ( model village )
giving a baby under 6 months of age any liquids or foods other than breast milk increases the risk of diarrhoea and other illnesses .
which will inter alia support units for purchase of transport vehicles for goods and personal transport such as auto rickshaw , small goods transport vehicle , 3 wheelers , e-rickshaw , passenger cars , taxis , etc .
flexible pool for communicable disease
a minor of above the age of 10 years can open his / her savings bank account in any bank .
There is an explosion of fintech innovation and enterprise in India .
the government will identify and select ten incubators , evaluated on pre-defined key performance indicators as having the the potential to become world class , and give them rs .10 crore each as financial assistance to ramp up their infrastructure .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people of Himachal Pradesh on their Statehood Day .
breastfeeding
3rd week ( 18-21 days )
all pregnant women should have access to a maternity clinic or hospital when they give birth .
Technical Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government Of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar for providing Coastal Surveillance System
The Prime Minister was also informed about progressing towards the targets for rural electrification and household electrification
Q . Does India still consider itself unaligned with either the West or the East ?
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit Vrindavan in Uttar Pradesh tomorrow on 11 February 2019 .
post-natal period
bill sharing with friends .
the unnat jyoti is under implementation across the country .
includes both male and female relatives of the male partner
functions of facilitators
keeping the skin clean is the best solution .
the following benefits are provided to members in case of accident , during the period of insurance cover
they should not become online ‘ friends ’ with unknown people .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Ministry of Railways’ transformative initiative to set up the first ever National Rail and Transport University ( NRTU ) in Vadodara to skill its human resources and build capability .
The concern for the poor and the need to address them came to the fore as PM said , ” The Government stands with the poor and its priority for them is reflected in expansion of health care services and provision of generic drugs at low prices under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Aushadhi Yojana .
· Meeting of BRICS Ministers of Education – 10 July ( Cape Town )
the weeds in small and large water bodies are controlled by either of the three ways viz  :
responding consistently to certain behaviours
these stresses interfere with the developing brain and can lead to cognitive , social and emotional delays and behaviour problems in childhood and later in life .
flexible pool for non communicable disease including injury and trauma
a child with a high fever should be kept cool for as long as the fever persists by  :
We are on track to meet the 2030 Nationally Determined Contribution .
Like Gandhiji , Deen Dayal Upadhyayji also talked about the last person at the farthest fringes .
madhya pradesh – 604
traditionally used oils like groundnut and gingelly oil are good for health .
We are a young country and job creation is an opportunity as well as a challenge .
these villages should be covered with all the facilities necessary for dignified living , creating thereby an environment in which all its residents are enabled to utilise their potential to the fullest .
the wards of assistant commandant , holding local rank of central armed police forces personne ( who are not entailing the pay benefits of assistant commandant and drawing the salary of inspectors ) are eligible for granting gallantry awards under category “ f  ” & “ g  ” also .
the septicaemia form appears similar to fowl cholera in that the birds are listless , without appetite , feverish , and show pain during movement .
go to home screen- > profile- > choose account to get code .
this means that with hydrogen , you get a fuel source that is limited .
The interaction covered the beneficiaries of Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana – ‘Saubhagya’ scheme , through video bridge .
Through Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana ( PMJAY ) , within 150 days almost 11 lakh poor people have benefitted , he added .
the best food for a baby who can not be breastfed directly is milk expressed from the mother 's breast , given from a clean , open cup .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the Indian community in Korea .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of an Agreement between India and France to facilitate Mutual Recognition of educational qualifications and periods of study undertaken by students in duly approved , recognized and/or accredited educational Institutions within the two countries .The Agreement is expected to be signed during the forthcoming State visit of the French President to India .
this restriction will , however , not apply to girls .
finances
The Prime Minister offered floral tributes to Nanaji Deshmukh and Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan .
The Prime Minister said that the status of the energy sector in India is highly uneven .
only in last decade , 130 significant chemical accidents reported in india , which resulted into 259 deaths and 563 number of major injured .
The Prime Minister referred to his recent meeting with President Xi Jinping in China .
focuses on ending preventable newborn deaths , improving quality of care and care beyond survival
change of course/college by the selected student and get fresh admission in subsequent academic year will lead to rejection of his/her scholarship for ever .
internet banking
letter issued by a gazette officer , with a duly attested photograph of the person .
people in comas are looked after in an intensive care unit and may often require full life support until their situation improves .
“ scholarships are not awarded for training courses like aircraft maintenance engineer ’ s courses and private pilot licence courses , courses at training-ship dufferin ( now rajendra ) , courses of training at the military college , dehradun and courses at pre-examination training centres of all india and state levels .  ”
access to a large database of training seekers
symptoms
PM paid glowing tributes to the martyr Nazir Ahmad Wani , who laid down his life fighting against the terrorists .
The Prime Minister said that the Upper House , with senior Members , has a unique significance .
The Buxar plant will transform the power deficit situation in Bihar and the Eastern region .
higher germination ( 90 to 35 % depending on the crop )
red sticker
the act now allows government to issue notification on the web thus heralding e-governance .
He also mentioned that tomorrow , he shall receive the Seoul Peace Prize , on behalf of the people of India , and the Indian diaspora .
He was briefed by senior officials about the progress of the works .
no other milks , foods or supplements can provide the protection of breast milk .
Mentioning that Denmark has skills , India has scale and world has the need for new technologies , PM Modi encouraged India and Denmark to establish a research platform where solutions could be found to global issues of concern such as food security , water management , climate change and sustainable development .
after selection mahila e-haat will inform the participants/ vendors upon which the participants/ vendors must send the acceptance letter and undertaking so that products/service contacts can be displayed .
Government is working towards ensuring that every Indian has a home by 2022 , when India will celebrate its 75 years of independence , Prime Minister added .
the act lays down the formation of the school management committee for planning of infrastructure and other requirements with respect to operational functioning of schools .
most child psychologists say when a child tends to stay by himself/herself , stops interacting with family and friends , often talks about running away from home or even death , or changes eating and/or sleeping habits must be immediately given special attention .
between seizures , a person with epilepsy is no different from anyone else—he or she is absolutely normal in every sense of the word .
study tours
scribble if given a pencil or crayon
listen to radio , read news paper for local weather forecast to know if a heat wave is on the way
It is a voluntary and contributory pension scheme , where each subscriber under the PMSYM , shall receive minimum assured pension of Rs 3000- per month after attaining the age of 60 years .
nearer the eye , winds may hit at a speed of 320 km .
reduce total fertility rate to 2 .1
this section covers various aspects related to women and energy .
financial inclusion shall be strengthened using mobile banking , micro program and post offices .
scholarship holders who are receiving coaching in any of the pre-examination training centres with financial assistance from the central government/ state government will not be eligible for stipend under the coaching schemes for the duration of the coaching programme .
Prime Minister will also pay a visit to the New Civil Hospital and cut the ribbon to mark the inauguration of the 1200 bed New Civil hospital .
the family with which he lives should receive assistance .
assured availability of credit at any time enabling reduced interest burden for the farmer .
national rural livelihoods project
e .g . hacking , virus/worm attacks , attack etc .
the punishment for this can be jail between three to seven years and a fine .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today launched the “Main Nahin Hum ” portal and app , in New Delhi .
The project is expected to generate substantial direct and indirect employment and overall development of District Bulandshahr and nearby districts of Western Uttar Pradesh .
the batch size for such a training activity will be at least 20 participants .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi inaugurated the New Building of National Museum of Indian Cinema in Mumbai today .
how to apply
rupay
every school shall have a mandatory fire safety inspection by the fire and rescue services department followed by issuance of a ` no objection certificate ’ to the school as a mandatory requirement for granting permission for establishing or continuation of a school .
under the campaign , a minimum package of antenatal care services is to be provided to the beneficiaries on the 9th day of every month at the pradhan mantri surakshit matritva clinics to ensure that every pregnant woman receives at least one checkup in the 2nd/ 3rd trimester of pregnancy .
the nature of training will be determined in each case after taking into consideration the previous training and background of the scholar .
Central University of South Bihar , Gaya , Bihar
if fibrous materials are present , it is removed by sieving at the source itself .
applicants admitted on their own to the college/institute/university not approved under act or not recognized by medical degree courses and not having accredited courses ( for engineering degree courses ) or not approved by medical council of india .
the commonest early symptom is feeling thirsty .
the balance fund has to be raised by the beneficiary .
it will minimize the use of physical documents and will provide authenticity of the e-documents .
to adopt comprehensive soil health management practices based on soil fertility maps , soil test based application of macro & micro nutrients , judicious use of fertilizers etc .
The Prime Minister will visit the Yaad-e-Jallian Museum , ( museum on Jallianwala Bagh and World War I ) .
students belonging to muslim/ christian/sikh/ buddhist/ jain / parsi are eligible
social infrastructure , human development and social harmony
mobile money identifier is a 11 digit alphanumeric number , available in the cheque book .
alcohol and other substances can make feelings of depression and anxiety worse .
nadeem subscribes to hyperlink in his house and wants to make a payment for on-demand subscription .
recognizing this , election commission of india , in 2009 , formally adopted voter education and electoral participation as an integral part of its election management .
records
history of gestational diabetes
place large or heavy objects on lower shelves .
the 'trackchild ’ portal has been designed and developed adhering to the guidelines provided in the juvenile justice ( care and protection of children ) act , 2000 and model rules 2007 and the provisions laid down in the integrated child protection scheme .
tips for healthy ageing
the international headache society lists eight categories of secondary headache .
Teaching in the University was inaugurated by Smt .SushmaSwaraj , External Affairs Minister in September 2014 .
It will help improve the overall quality of life of Citizens .
any other measures for enhancing environmental quality in mining district .
you will be notified when the money is transferred to you .
post graduate degree/diploma courses recognised by university grant commission in any discipline .
He said GeM will be of immense use for MSMEs .
He also offered Chadar at Sant Kabir Mazaar .
In fact , 1 .25 billion people of India have the same affection for the Japanese people .
lay down guidelines to be followed by the state authorities in drawing up the state plan
Minister of State in the Ministry of Consumer Affairs , Food and Public Distribution ; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Commerce and Industry .
Space science and planetary exploration
lactating sow
beti bachao beti padhao abhiyan
India will continue to invest in Palestine in the projects of health , educational infrastructure and women empowerment center and also in a printing press .
malaria prophylaxis and treatment
He will also inaugurate the Luwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex , Rani Gaidinliu Park , and other development projects .
The Solid Waste Management component in the Command and Control Centre will boost cleanliness in these cities .
Speaking on the occasion , Prime Minister said that disruptions in Parliament usually affect common-man and the parliamentarians who represent them the most .
expansion of direct benefit transfer under various government schemes through bank accounts of the beneficiaries .
tsunami-driven floodwater may have damaged buildings where you least expect it .
Under this campaign immediately after the formation of the government , a Special Investigation Team – SIT , has been set up by the Cabinet in its first decision .
the banking ombudsman can receive and consider any complaint relating to the following deficiency in banking services ( including internet banking )
advise the mother and father or other caregivers on how to best care for their baby if born too soon or too small , or with other special needs
the award will be discontinued if a student fails to secure 50 % marks or equivalent grade in the previous final examination .
candidates who possess minimum educational qualification required for a trade and have not undergone any formal trade training ( fresher apprentices )
similarly the head loss in the sharp bends are also high .
About 100 Probationers of the 2017 batch of the Indian Police Service , today called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
broadly trackchild software has two modules , the information of the children , who are already covered under the juvenile justice ( care and protection of child ) act 2000 and the integrated child protection scheme is to be entered in the software by the integrated child protection scheme functionaries including child welfare committees & juvenile justice boards members , and the information of the missing children being reported is to be entered and updated at the police stations .
The Prime Minister recalled the recent ASEAN India Commemorative Summit celebrating 25 years of partnership between ASEAN and India .
Built at a cost of Rs . 750 crore , the 17 floor hospital would provide world class services at an affordable price and is linked with Ayushman Bharat .
The Government of India welcomes the UK initiative of establishing a UK-India Tech Hub in India as part of our growing bilateral Technology Partnership .
improperly built walls could make your situation worse .
only in the case where both the parents have died , the income of the guardian who is supporting the student in his/her studies has to be taken .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit West Bengal and Jharkhand on 25th May .
He suggested that Indian PSUs can link with PSUs with other countries , and develop a comprehensive strategy for overseas investment .
the option of the customer to migrate results in keeping distributors on their toes and thereby improved service to customers .
cells also process and store information .
you should approach consumer forums only when you feel that the bank has been negligent , and has not given you proper service .
He also spoke about PM Kisan Samman Nidha Yojana and said it will benefit about 2 .25 crore poor farmers in UP .
pradhan mantri jeevan jyoti bima yojana
For this purpose , we have launched the ‘Make in India’ campaign .
desirable body weight is weight for height of young adults at their best physical performance .
the facility of collecting and delivering forms at the designated location and the booth level officer is only available during the special summary revision of electoral rolls .
fowl pox vaccine
Delighted at India’s youngsters becoming job creators , Prime Minister said that the Government is committed towards harnessing the demographic dividend .
We want to enhance ease of living for the people , the Prime Minister said .
He said that silos are a big bottleneck in the functioning of the Union Government .
“Saddened by the loss of lives and destruction in Indonesia caused by the Tsunami after the eruption of a volcano .
The first twenty-two meetings of PRAGATI have seen a cumulative review of 200 projects with a total investment of Rs . 9 .31 lakh crore .
general principles for prevention of diseases
fibre present in vegetables , fruits , legumes and fenugreek seeds are effective in controlling blood sugar and also helps in reducing cholesterol
With an approved budget of Rs 1264 Crores , the construction , operation & maintenance cost of new AIIMS is being fully borne by the Central Government .
older persons should be able to form movements or associations of older persons .
the affected part of the skin turns white or greyish-yellow .
The estimated cost of the project , spread over 100 acres is Rs . 580 crore .
the child should be kept well hydrated with additional fluids .
they may become extremely confused , suspicious , fearful or dependent on a family member .
if not , you can use code , bank account mobile number to send money .
the national policy for children reaffirms the government ‘ s commitment to the realization of rights of all children in the country .
The agreement was signed on 11 .4 .2018 in New Delhi between the Moroccan Ministry of Energy , Mines and Sustainable development and the Ministry of Mines , Govt . of India .
the mine workers doing manual , unskilled , highly skilled and clerical work are eligible for availing all facilities under different welfare schemes of labour welfare organization irrespective of the wages paid to them .
it is frequently caused by pasteurella , it is considered to be an important disease of pigs .
The support of central government for PDPS will be given as per norms .
Finland’s principal environmental agency is the Ministry of the Environment , established in 1983 .
small capital investment and short gestation period .
quality guaranteed by producing agency
a woman employed away from her home can continue to breastfeed her child .
does this law provide for rehabilitation of manual scavengers  ?
housing
( if you have any comments / suggestions on the above content , please post them here )
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Dr . Zakir Hussain , former President of India , on his birth anniversary .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted people across nation on the various festivals .
e . Promoting Maritime Safety and Security :
this ensures that the right amounts of formula and safe water are mixed and that the process is hygienic .
We recall the pious thoughts of Paighambar Mohammad Sahab , who highlighted the importance of harmony , kindness and charity .
but sometimes a cough and a fever are signs of pneumonia , which needs to be treated by a trained health worker .
it enables a small borrower to borrow from all public sector banks such as banks , regional rural banks and cooperative banks , private sector banks , foreign banks , micro finance institutions and non banking finance companies for loans upto rs 10 lakhs for non-farm income generating activities .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed the gathering at the event to mark the inauguration of Umiya Dham Ashram at Haridwar , via video conferencing .
puppetry , folk theatre , folk dances , folk songs , folk music , etc . ( an indicative list can be seen at para 10 ‘ note ’ )
medicines should be used only if prescribed by a trained health worker .
antibiotics can be given for 3-5 days to prevent secondary bacterial infections .
worms are very sensitive to drought so use in very dry areas is not recommended unless a reliable water source is available .
Myanmar welcomed India’s participation in its energy sector both in exploration and production and invited Indian companies to participate in tenders for petrochemicals and petroleum products , marketing infrastructure and setting up of LPG terminals .
janani suraksha yojana
PM will also hand over keys to select beneficiaries to mark the dedication of 448 houses constructed by Jamnagar Municipal Corporation and 1008 flats constructed by Jamnagar Area Development Authority .
the net present value of the interest subsidy will be calculated at a discount rate of 9 % .
this is almost 8 % of the world 's adult population .
objectives
He invited the global CEOs for a deeper and more productive engagement with India .
DBT will ensure transparency in the entire process and will save time for the farmers .
screen for complications early and manage them appropriately by referral and where required help the woman recall the date of her menstrual period
Welcoming the Chief Ministers and other delegates , the Prime Minister reiterated that the Governing Council is a platform that can bring about “historic change . ”
tobacco products are cheap and easily accessible .
– Good And Simple Tax- GST – that was stuck up for several years was put in place .
national tracking system for missing and vulnerable children
Every Indian should get internet services so , Connectivity for All ; we want to take the country forward by following this mantra .
what are symptoms and signs of dehydration  ?
This deprived them of the opportunities for savings as well as access to institutional credit .
adolescence is a time when young people acquire the skills they need to become independent adults .
if the social media platform is not being responsive or you are unhappy with the results , then you can also file a criminal complaint at the local police station or cyber investigation cell .
you may not be able to see abrupt drop - offs and only half a meter of flood water can carry a car away .
The 28 PRAGATI meetings so far have seen a cumulative review of projects with a total investment of over Rs . 11 .75 lakh crore .
national career service aims to bridge the gap between those who need jobs and those who want to hire them , between people seeking career guidance and training and those who can provide the counselling and training .
the swachh bharat kosh has been set up to facilitate and channelize individual philanthropic contributions and corporate social responsibility funds to achieve the objective of clean india ( swachh bharat ) by the year 2019 .
for the complete list of the districts covered , click here
housing
nothing in this article shall prevent the state from making any special provisions for women and children .
adolescent girls who are pregnant
keep your browser and operating system up to date .
a stroke may cause a person to have less control over the way the muscles in the mouth and throat move , making it difficult to talk , swallow or eat .
permanent total disability benefit
voter ’ s list
for example
when re-entering buildings or homes , use extreme caution .
heat-treated breast milk involves heating expressed breast milk ( enough for one or two feeds ) in a small pan or in a metal container standing in a pan of water until it comes to a boil .
always wash hands with soap and water or a substitute , such as ash and water , after defecation , after contact with faeces , before touching or preparing food , before eating and before feeding children .
Later in the day , the Prime Minister will lay a wreath at the Martyrs Column at Port Blair .
trauma
ownership of opposition
The Prime Minister congratulated the award winners for their achievements .
not able to link them . please help .
 . using home remedies is helpful in controlling blood sugar .
a pregnant woman should also get as much rest as possible .
yes , there is an effective , safe vaccine against rabies .
training and counseling
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Port Blair in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands today .
it also puts them at risk of accidents .
We have set a goal in India that by 2030 at least 30% of our vehicles will run with electrical batteries .
target under the scheme shall be 5 lakh apprentices in 2016-17 , 10 lakh apprentices in 2017-18 , 15 lakh apprentices in 2018-2019 and 20 lakh apprentices in 2019-20 .
never leave tablets or medicines within reach of children .
premature closure of account
food stuffs like khandsari / sugar
however , they may have significant disabilities .
PM to unveil postage stamp on Suheldeo & address a public rally in Ghazipur
2 ) enforce laws protecting women from violence and abuse  ;
meetings of national authority
medicine that cures the disease  ;
a baby should be able to  :
do not call 1-0-8 if there is no ‘ serious people emergency ’ .
most hydrogen on earth is bonded to oxygen in water and to carbon in live or dead and/or fossilized biomass .
From Madurai , PM left for Kochi where he will inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of several projects related to the expansion of oil and gas sector .
The Prime Minister unveiled plaques to mark the laying of Foundation Stone of the New Hostel Building , and a 200 metre multifunctional synthetic athletic track .
provide consistent affection every day
More than 90 percent of our sectors are now on automatic route for approval .
for more details of pattern of assistance , click here
drowning
the fund will be in the nature of fund of funds , which means that it will not invest directly into startups , but shall participate in the capital of registered venture funds .
ragi , bengalgram ( whole ) ,
some of the major changes that occur in your body as you get older are  :
the award ceremony should be organized within the month when award amount received .
Women’s skills development and empowerment
violation of privacy of online citizens is a cybercrime of a grave nature .
rice water
All these locations will also connect with Delhi , for the main event , which will include a special address by the Prime Minister .
arrange for transportation ,
among the most commonly affected areas are the extremities , in particular the feet .
user can change his/her mobile pin
The North-East is an environmentally sensitive region .
flexibility of drawals from a branch other than the issuing branch at the discretion of the bank .
panchayat raj has been proactively seeking partnerships with non-government organizations and other civil society organizations , at two levels - strategic and implementation .
diarrhoea usually cures itself in three to four days with rehydration ( drinking a lot of liquids ) .
what to do before a flood
jeevan pramaan is a biometric enabled digital service for pensioners .
it incorporates the best features of all previous schemes and at the same time , all previous shortcomings / weaknesses have been removed .
currently , there are estimated 7 .47 lakh neonatal deaths annually .
for the same fixed pension levels , the contribution would range between rs . 291 and rs . 1 ,454 , if the subscriber joins at the age of 40 years .
it is important that the family business does not involve dangerous substances or processes ( the term in law is ‘ hazardous ’ occupation or process ) .
within minutes , brain cells begin to die .
personal development  :
when normal maximum temperature of a station is less than or equal to 40oc heat wave departure from normal is 5oc to 6oc severe heat wave departure from normal is 7 * c or more
worker of a mill  : any workman directly engaged in manufacturing jute goods or involved in the shop floor activities of jute goods producing units as declared by the mill .
fungi  : toadstools
He told the medal winners that their sporting feats have raised India’s stature and pride .
adequate means for communicating a notification to the emergency response organisations at the facility , the district and state authorities , and the central government authorities .
in case , user is not having aadhaar number , he can do online appointment but would have to collect out patient department card from the hospital after providing identity of the patient .
Prime Minister also encouraged youngsters to continue innovating and gave the mantra of ‘Innovate or Stagnate’ .
cyber harassment as a crime also brings us to another related area of violation of privacy of netizens .
breast milk is the best food a young child can have .
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government in India is focusing on infrastructure .
The Prime Minister said that the youth of today , wishes to learn from the past , for a better present and future .
objectives the rogi kalyan samiti /hospital management committee
the allocation ratio of this scheme is reviewed by retirement solutions limited on a periodic basis .
Stressing on the importance of transport connectivity , Prime Minister said that it is a medium for prosperity , empowerment and accessibility .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi addressed the nation today .
The Finance Minister in his Budget Speech of 2014-15 announced the setting up of a Centre for disability sports .
evacuation of people and animals
this can lead to problems with digestion , erectile dysfunction , and many other functions .
employers must have an aadhaar linked bank account
This line will boost Tripura as the gateway to South and Southeast Asia .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Law and Justice ; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Corporate Affairs .
When this government assumed charge , cost of a LED bulb was Rs . 350-/ .
Memorandum of Understanding between the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization ( CDSCO ) , Ministry Of Health and Family Welfare of the Republic of India and Food and Drugs ( FDA ) , Ministry of Health and Sports of Myanmar on Cooperation in Medical Products Regulation .
crop
several new offences committed against children , which are so far not adequately covered under any other law , are included in the act .
when you dial back to the toll-free-number , a voice menu prompts you to enter your card details and pin number etc and the vishers may ask you to enter other data also such as expiration date , number .
the retiring employee may submit a write-up , not more than 5000 words along with appropriate attachments where need be .
epidemic
eligibility criteria to apply for piped natural gas distributorship
take “ acknowledgment receipt  ” from concerned bank official with date
medical help and appropriate and low-cost antibiotics are readily available .
second child birth after at least 3 years of the first child birth
the career center offers a variety of professional development services and programs to explore job seekers ' interests , discover paths to opportunities , and prepare for professional interactions .
it is being implemented through the department of agriculture of all the state and union territory governments .
Food processing is a way of life in India .
the administrative cost of rs . 1600 per connection , which includes a cylinder , pressure regulator , booklet , safety hose , etc . would be borne by the government .
it is not easy to replace existing infrastructure .
a mother 's own milk is best for low-birth weight babies .
The two Prime Ministers discussed the possibilities of enhancing trade and commercial ties .
the citizen interface of ‘ trackchild ’ system may be accessed through mobile devices .
the baby 's mouth is wide open
to act as a catalyst by providing a web based marketing platform to the women entrepreneurs to directly sell to the buyers .
visit reserve bank of india for more information about banking ombudsman .
They noted the fruitful outcome of the India-EU Foreign Ministerial Meeting in New Delhi on 21 April 2017 .
becoming violent with other children
admission and tuition fee for classes xi and xii .
minimum support price is price fixed by government of india to protect the producer - farmers - against excessive fall in price during bumper production years .
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies .
goitre , a swelling at the front of the neck , is a clear sign that the body is not getting enough iodine .
cover cooking pots and pans with lids
route
participate in all the capacity building programmes organized by the government/ voluntary organizations / industrial units .
The Prime Minister congratulated the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh , Yogi Adityanath , and said his focus on good governance is taking the State to new heights .
compost maturity
pradhan mantri jan dhan yojana
the act sets minimum norms and standards with regard to location and quality of schools and in clause 19 , lays down that no school shall be established , or recognized unless it fulfills the norms and standards specified in the schedule .
if possible , the child should be tested with a rapid diagnostic test or microscopy ( laboratory diagnosis involving the examination of the person 's blood under a microscope ) to confirm the malaria infection .
while recovering , she or he needs to be offered more food than usual to replenish the energy and nourishment lost due to the illness .
for regional directorates of apprenticeship training/state apprenticeship advisers
He will also distribute Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana certificates and Forest Rights certificates to few beneficiaries .
most burns happen in the home , so that is where they have to be treated  ; and as most home accidents take place in the kitchen , the kitchen is probably the best room in which to treat casualties .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will attend Ashara Mubaraka – Commemoration of the Martyrdom of Imam Husain ( SA ) , organized by the Dawoodi Bohra community , at Indore on September 14 , 2018 .
the litter can be sprayed lightly with an oil-base germicide to control dust and air movement of fungal spores .
POSCO , South Korea
the bonded labour system ( abolition ) ordinance was promulgated on 25th october , 1975 .
parents may wish to discuss their child 's progress with a trained health worker or a teacher .
water and geothermal
making sure the school is a safe and welcoming place for all children
according to the procedure , the state governments or governments submit proposals to the central ministry of tribal welfare for identification of particularly vulnerable tribal groups
north eastern hilly region of india is characterized by varying topography that is largely affected by high seepage flow and flash runoff .
note  : if the scholar is found to have committed any one or more of the above after the scholarship amount has actually been paid to him/her , the amount shall be recovered forthwith from him/her or his/her parents .
india newborn action plan
beneficiary shall have the option to either deposit it in an annuity scheme or receive cash grant .
renewal
Project will be commissioned by November 2020 .
men and women , including adolescents , must take responsibility for preventing unplanned pregnancies .
the reason this occurs is not fully understood .
rescind , in relation to any state of states , any order or orders made under these provisions and in consultation with the governor of the state concerned , make fresh orders redefining the areas which are to be scheduled areas .
payment of insurance premium on productive assets acquired by beneficiaries .
the cost of smart card will be borne by the central government .
check adequacy of processes being followed for ensuring food safety and quality of all the raw materials being used for manufacture of milk and milk products ,
deploy web and email filters on the network
The Prime Minister encouraged them to talk on various aspects of their day-to-day life .
the reason social network security and privacy lapses exist results simply from the astronomical amounts of information the sites process each and every day that end up making it that much easier to exploit a single flaw in the system .
washing the face and hands with soap and water every day helps to prevent eye infections .
a white colour certificate is issued for foundation seed by seed certification agencies .
how to apply
Governor of UP Shri Ram Naik , CM of UP Shri Yogi Adityanath , and other dignitaries were present on the occasion .
it is a voluntary service that every resident can avail irrespective of present documentation
changes in the body 's environment
it is also very important that pregnant women sleep under insecticide-treated mosquito nets .
do n't open attachments in unsolicited e-mails , even if they come from people in your contact list , and never click on a environment . contained in an unsolicited e-mail , even if the link seems benign .
name and office address of assistant public information officer /public information officer
swachh vidyalaya abhiyan
it draws attention to school children and youth with the aim of making the community at large more aware of the threat of hazards and become better prepared .
the nomination form will be kept in the custody of the panchayat/ nodal agency and shall be forwarded to police inquest report along with the claim papers on the death of the member .
The Prime Minister said that three lakh Common Service Centres spread across the rural areas today , are transforming lives in the villages , by enabling efficient and transparent service delivery .
however , with this feed it is not possible to get desired body weight and other production norms .
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 217
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi inaugurated the plenary session of the 15th edition of Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas at Deendayal Hastkala Sankul in Varanasi today .
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi launched various development projects worth Rs .1000 crores in Daman & Diu today .
At a public meeting in Kalyan , the Prime Minister laid the Foundation Stone of two important metro corridors .
educational institution of high repute  : institutes with a minimum national assessment and accreditation council grading of 3 .5 or community colleges with university grants commission / all india council for technical education funding willing to take up deen dayal upadhyaya projects .
sheds having infected flocks should be served with feed at the end of a delivery day .
the pond is stocked after the pond water gets properly detoxified .
PM said , “India’s self-confidence is at an all-time high .
signs that mean help is needed immediately include  :
they can either file for civil damages or wait for the culprits to be nabbed and then to be tried under provisions , existing or envisaged which are not comprehensive at all .
In a broader context , media is a means of transforming society .
applications for scholarships from such students can be considered even after lapse of last date of receipt of applications , on compassionate grounds .
by a notification or order of the state or central governments
essential medicines
technology for security
among the main problems which are responsible for this situation are  :
article 14- the state shall not deny to any person equality before the law or the equal protection of laws with in the territory of india .
On 5th March , PM will visit the Annapurna Dham Trust in Adalaj , Gandhinagar .
it consists of nerves and blood vessels .
liquid biofertilizer consortia ( nitrogen fixing / phosphate solubilizing/ potassium mobilizing biofertilizer ) @ rs . 500/acre x 50
rural industrialization like  :
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for promulgation of :
the regulations can be changed at any time at the discretion of the government of india .
• 2-lane construction of Biharsharif-Barbigha-Mokama section of NH-82
do ’ s and dont ’ s
finally , employment exchange will issue you a registration card carrying registration no with date of renewal of that registration .
coverage and value of scholarship
every half year , for 1st july and 1st january , each year government will credit the scholarship payment to the account of the beneficiary student , by scholarships .
On the evening of 22nd September , the Prime Minister will visit the historic Tulsi Manas Temple in Varanasi .
making sure that all family members use a toilet , latrine or potty ( for young children ) is the best way to dispose of faeces .
This is also because we are among the top 10 FDI destinations listed by UNCTAD .
house
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for construction and operationalisation of 100 bedded General Hospital at Rural Health Training Centre ( RHTC ) , Najafgarh , New Delhi at an estimated cost of about Rs . 95 Crore .
as you age , body goes through many changes .
make some friends who are younger - even if by a few decades
duck cholera ( pasteurella multocida )  : vaccine at 4th & 16th week
for the older child , breastfeeding may stop , and the mother has less time to prepare the foods and provide the care and attention the child needs .
economic status and human resources available with the gram panchayat .
successful reproduction is the outcome of a series of closely linked events .
trust declaration on the rights of mentally retarded persons
The Ring line will connect densely populated areas of the city with the new developing areas along with Railway Station , Airport and ABD under Smart City project .
Earlier in the day , Prime Minister visited the Shri Saibaba Samadhi Temple Complex and offered prayers .
the candidates with diploma in electrical , mechanical and electronics branches will be preferred .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was apprised of the agreement signed in connection with release of Joint Stamps between Department of Posts , India and Russia Post ( Joint-Stock Company “MARKA ” of Russian Federation ) to establish postal cooperation and strive towards mutually beneficial operational excellence in the field of issuance of stamps .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the nation on the auspicious occasion of Milad-Un-Nabi .
He said this scheme would positively impact 50 crore people .
people with diabetes should regularly examine their feet .
ransomware is a type of malware that can stop you from using your email , or encrypt your files so you can ’ t use them .
the piglets may be provided with special nourishing diet called creep feed separately .
on-line registration
The Governors , Chief Ministers of Kerala and Tamil Nadu , Deputy Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu , Deputy Speaker of Lok Sabha , and Administrator of Lakshadweep along with senior officials were present at the respective meetings .
The Prime Minister referred to the heavy rain in some parts of the country .
women health is very important thorough out her life , from puberty to menopause .
more than one children of the same worker also should furnish separate bank account number .
the increased occurrences and severity of heat - wave is a wake - up call for all agencies to take necessary action for prevention , preparedness and community outreach to save the lives of the general public , livestock and wild life .
the facilitator shall not charge anything from the start-up or the entrepreneur , and this fees shall be paid directly to the facilitator by the central government through the office of the controller general of patent , trademark and design .
He expressed the desire of the Government of Nepal to develop bilateral relations in a way so as to benefit from India’s progress and prosperity for economic transformation and development .
the indian penal code makes it possible to file a criminal complaint if you have been sexually harassed , while the special law gives you the option of seeking civil remedies and damages , involving your office administration .
police emergencies
micro solution enables the unbanked rural people to easily access micro banking services in a very effective manner .
sugarcane
realizing that the causes of urban flooding are different and so also are the strategies to deal with them , national disaster management authority has for the first time decided to address urban flooding as a separate disaster , delinking it from floods .
non-observance of any other direction or instruction of the reserve bank as may be specified by the reserve bank for this purpose from time to time .
even if the child is not yet able to understand the words , these early 'conversations ' help to develop social and language skills and learning capacities .
The Prime Minister said that it was hard to imagine an airport in Surendranagar district .
gingelly seeds
Holding aloft the values of freedom , Prime Minister hoisted the National Flag at Red Fort , to commemorate the occasion .
He mentioned schemes such as Swachh Bharat Mission , Beti Bachao – Beti Padhao , and Ujjwala Yojana , which have benefited women .
cyber harassment is a distinct cybercrime .
single click two factor authentication
plenty of clean and boiled water
amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is more common among white males , non-hispanics , and persons aged 60–69 years , but younger and older people also can develop the disease .
to promote post harvest technology and marketing support .
fire emergencies
Brigadier General San Win , Permanent Secretary of Ministry of Defence
severely malnourished children are allocated rs 12 per day .
suddenly having no interest in usual activities or schoolwork
short term credit limit is fixed for the first year depending upon
power
subsidy provided
the user is provided with the digitally signed document and the digital signature certificate .
crime of rape and murder
it is unlawful and an offence under this act for any person , municipality , panchayat or agency to  :
The Prime Minister also spoke of India’s developments in the field of clean energy , and the formation of the International Solar Alliance .
according to the report , around 62 trillion spam messages are sent every year , requiring the use of 33 kilowatt hours of electricity and causing around 20 million tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent per year .
3 cups of white rice , 1 cup dal , i cup rasam , ½ cup brinjal fry , 1 cup curd , pickle , papad
easy and secure way to digitally sign information anywhere , anytime -
each pigling may consume 300 - 500 ml milk per day .
Under Bharatmala a detailed project report for Mumbai Kanyakumari Corridor is under preparation .
The Prime Minister called for research , which is a fusion of Arts and Humanities , Social Science , Science and Technology .
the ducks do not need elaborate housing since they remain in the pond most of the day .
further , with a vision to transform e-governance for transforming governance and keeping in view the need to utilize emerging technologies such as cloud and mobile platform and focus on the integration of services , the government has proposed to implement “ e-kranti  : national e-governance plan 2 .0  ” under the digital india programme .
loss of one eye & one limb , in an accident
Located in Sector 25 , Dwarka , the Centre would be a world-class state-of-the-art Exhibition-cum-Convention Centre , with facilities like financial , hospitality and retail services .
vaccinate your pets  :
kumar invited the jagdish to stay with him and started living together in one house .
if it is not possible to drain the pond , all the fish can be killed by applying 15 kg of both bleaching powder and urea for a 1000 pond .
the finalised list will be published .
buffalo ’ s milk ,
He added that it is also certain that the road to development in the 21st century goes through the Indian Ocean .
He also mentioned the 17 crore soil health cards , neem coating of urea , MSP for 22 crops at 50 percent above the cost price , PM Fasal Bima Yojana , and the e-NAM platform .
rupay kisan credit cards
The Archaeological Survey of India has carried out structural conservation and chemical preservation work of this temple .
advise the woman to go to the health facility or contact the tba if she has any one of the following signs which indicate the start of labour .
if you suspect you may have avian influenza in your flock , even the mild form , you must report it to the state veterinarian ’ s office .
this is also hundred percent physical and genetic pure seed for production of foundation seed .
non protein nitrogen ( % )
the body will produce hormones which are special chemical messengers that tell the body how to grow and change .
2 . International Conference on Science , Technology , Engineering and Mathematics ( STEM )
the upper age limit for eligible married women should be below 30 years .
waste should be added daily to ensure continuous gas production .
The Prime Minister said that he wishes to caution the country that certain forces are trying to put undue pressure on the judiciary .
floods
simple remedies
user enters remitters / payers virtual id , amount and account to be credited
the provisions in ( b ) to ( d ) will also apply to such leprosy-cured students .
for the textile ( apparel ) sector , the government will also be paying the 3 .67 % employees provident fund ( contribution of the eligible employer for these new employees .
the guardians so appointed will have the obligation to be responsible for the disabled person and their property and required to be accountable for the same .
what is the blue whale challenge and why should parents be concerned about this game  ?
Centre for inter faith studies and Chairs in foreign Universities :
non-discriminatory access to the national optical fibre network was provided to all the service providers like telecom service providers , cable operators and content providers to launch various services in rural areas .
construction workers
the costs of maintenance of mentally ill persons detained as in-patient in any government psychiatric hospital or nursing home shall be borne by the state government concerned unless such costs have been agreed to be borne by the relative or other person on behalf of the mentally ill person and no provision for such maintenance has been made by order of the district court .
The Cabinet Meeting Chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi today approved the grant of Ex-Servicemen Contributory Health Scheme ( ECHS ) facilities to World War-II Veterans , Emergency Commissioned Officers ( ECOs ) , Short Service Commissioned Officers ( SSCOs ) and pre-mature retirees .
cared for in a clean environment that helps to prevent infections
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi arrived Leh in Ladakh in the first leg of his one day visit to Leh , Jammu and Srinagar today .
similarly , the twelfth finance commission was also mandated to review the financial arrangements for disaster management .
· 4th Meeting of Senior Officials/Experts on the Middle East and North Africa ( MENA ) – 19 June ( Pretoria )
the students pursuing such courses are also eligible for an annual allowance of rs .1200/- for essential/prescribed books , besides reimbursement of course fees .
Prime Minister welcomed the practical recommendations and directed Ministry of External Affairs and Ministry of New and Renewable Energy to take forward these expert interactions and factor relevant outcomes in policy-making .
you can purchase a fastag to avail the concessions .
The proposed corridors will be having Multimodal Integration with Railway Stations and will have feeder network of Bus , Intermediate Public Transport ( IPT ) and Non Motorized Transport ( NMT ) .
payee / requester gets notification from bank for credit of his bank account
understand opposites ( e .g . , fat and thin , tall and short )
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Agreement between India and Morocco on Mutual Legal Assistance in Civil and Commercial Matters .
far beyond mere infrastructure development , saansad adarsh gram yojana aims at instilling certain values in the villages and their people so that they get transformed into models for others . these values include  :
“India mourns the unfortunate demise of Marshal of the Indian Air Force Arjan Singh .
children learn language quickly and easily through hearing and singing songs , having stories told or read to them , repeating rhymes and playing games .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for continuance of the 8 existing schemes of the Ministry of Home Affairs up to March 2020 for relief and rehabilitation of migrants and repatriates under the Umbrella scheme “Relief and Rehabilitation of Migrants and Repatriates ” .
tobacco advertising and promotion are common , and
The Prime Minister is on a two-day tour to Japan .
birth certificate from the school ( govt ./recognized ) last attended by the applicant or any other recognized educational institution  ; or
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today launched the health assurance scheme : Ayushman Bharat – Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana – at Ranchi , Jharkhand .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of timeline for implementation of the Special Package under Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana – National Rural Livelihoods Mission ( DAY-NRLM ) for Jammu & Kashmir for another period of one year during 2018-19 .
It would also contribute towards strengthening the information sharing framework between the two signatories .
for strengthening the prime minister 's accessible india campaign , stress has been given to ensure accessibility in public buildings ( both government and private ) in a prescribed time-frame .
fattening pigs
news updates on digital payment promotion
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) which was signed in March , 2018 between the Indian Council of Medical Research ( ICMR ) and the Institut National de la Santeet de la RechercheMedicale ( INSERM ) , France .
source  : national career service
Every month , the value of transaction is growing by over 30 percent .
some spectacular events of tragedies are reported as varnavat landslide , uttarkashi district , malpha landslide pithoragarh district , okhimath landslide in chamoli district , uk and paglajhora in darjeeling district as well as sikkim , aizawl sports complex , mizoram .
Association with AMF will help MoP&NG in identifying advanced biofuels suitable for deployment in transport sector in near future .
multiple touch points , these centres will be additional points for aadhaar seeding
hence taking cognizance of this , the government of india , has launched the shyama prasad mukherji rurban mission , aimed at developing such rural areas by provisioning of economic , social and physical infrastructure facilities .
they have a direct impact on how children develop learning skills as well as social and emotional abilities .
annual lighting emission reduction of 135 kg is equivalent to 13 additional trees
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed an event in Lucknow on “Transforming Urban Landscape , ” which marked the third anniversary of three key Government initiatives related to Urban Development .
mini statement
the mother should receive help to improve the baby 's attachment and suckling , and should also be shown how to express breast milk , if necessary .
remember to hold the blanket in front of you to protect you from the flames you are smothering
the message might also tell you to click on a link to see a picture , an article or a video , which actually leads you to a site that might steal your information .
unfortunately , this laudable tradition of public service has not received any deserving recognition .
violence against women is a serious public health problem in most communities .
follow safe practices when browsing the web .
He said that a strong and progressive Eastern India , is the key to a strong and progressive India .
procedure
minimize your movements to a few steps that reach a nearby safe place and stay indoors until the shaking has stopped and you are sure exiting is safe .
all children of the same parents/guardians will be entitled to receive benefits of the scheme .
all stages ( dullness , tremors , prostration ) can usually be seen in an affected flock .
The aerodynamic characterization of crew module has b3een completed as part of GSLV Mk-lll X mission flight .
the frequency of major floods is more than once in five years .
The Union Cabinet chaired by chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the signing of Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Colombia on establishing cooperation on Traditional Systems of Medicine of India .
infections
if the casualty appears dead , i .e . if the breathing and heart appear to have just stopped , then the kiss of life and heart massage must be started immediately .
Another highlight was the inauguration of the Pahari Dam Modernization Project .
issues like the method of interest calculation and mechanism for taking loans against gold monetisation scheme deposits have also been clarified .
for higher training , those from the indian himalayan region as well used to go to study with reputed scholars or to any of the medical colleges in tibet in the past .
may cause fever
water and other liquids or foods may be contaminated , which can cause diarrhoea .
related resources
civil society organizations such as women and child development/social welfare etc . having proven track record of working in the fields of women ’ s welfare/social welfare/ women ’ s education subject to the condition that such organization is registered under the indian societies registration act , 1860 or any relevant state act  ;
there is also a close association between obesity and obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome , the most common form of sleep disordered breathing .
“On the occasion of their Statehood Day , I convey my greetings to the people of Nagaland .
with voluntary muscle action progressively affected , patients in the later stages of the disease may become totally paralyzed .
treatment - a flock can be medicated with a sulfa drug ( sulfonamides , especially sulfadimethoxine , sulfaquinonxalene , sulfamethazine , and sulfaquinoxalene ) or vaccinated , or both , to stop mortality associated with an outbreak .
In the New India everyone will have equal opportunity and aspirations and wishes of everyone will be fulfilled .
larger areas or deep burns when removed from the water should be covered lightly with clean , recently-laundered , non-fluffy material . ( a clean pillowcase is ideal for limbs )
individuals affected by the disorder may ultimately lose the ability to initiate and control all voluntary movement , although bladder and bowel function and the muscles responsible for eye movement are usually spared until the final stages of the disease .
a child with a cough or cold should be kept warm and encouraged to eat and drink as much as possible .
eligibility
the compost made from town refuses like night soil , street sweepings and dustbin refuse is called town compost .
solid and liquid waste management projects for each gram panchayat should be part of annual implementation plan of a district .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today interacted with young innovators and Start-Up entrepreneurs from across the country , through video bridge .
wind energy
effect of worms on child mortality
scientific planning of the projects by using remote sensing techniques , cluster facilities for planning and monitoring & evaluation
We observe name , fame and laurels when it comes to sportspersons .
integrated fish cum duck farming
Shri Narendra Modi flagged off the Mahamana Express through a video link .
landslide hazard zonation maps has published guidelines on landslides and snow avalanches as given on its website .
with a vision is to respond to 30 million emergencies and save 1 million lives annually , emergency management and research institute is set to expand fleet and services set to spread across more states .
following are the major benefits under the pradhan mantri vaya vandana yojana
Dr . Girish Sahni , DG , CSIR
leveraging existing infrastructure
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Kedarnath today .
mainternance grant of rs 2 ,000 per annum is given to supplementary nutrition programme functioning in government owned or non-rental buildings .
Via video conference , the Prime Minister will dedicate to the nation , the Bhanupratappur-Gudum Railway Line .
it will then be transferred to soil test laboratory for analysis .
In order to deal with rapidly changing crime scenario , you also have to develop newer techniques to make it clear that criminals will not be spared .
The Government has thought of developing additional fifteen thousand Kilo-Miters of gas pipeline network .
process documentation of conversion into organic methods , inputs used , cropping pattern followed , organic manures and fertilizer used etc . , for participatory guarantee system certification @ rs .100 per member x 50
The BPOM regulates these products in Indonesia .
These steps are a reflection of the intent of the Government , he added .
turn off the gas using the outside main valve if you can , and call the gas company from a neighbour ’ s home .
The President apprised the Prime Minister of the urgent steps taken by him personally and the Government of Sri Lanka to publicly reject these reports .
reduce household out-of-pocket expenditure on total health care expenditure
a common middleware and integration of the back-end processes and processing systems are required to facilitate integrated service delivery to citizens .
electronic vaccine intelligence network empowers the cold chain handlers by building technical capacities and providing a robust decision-making tool for cold chain managers through a complete overview of vaccine replenishment times , supply and consumption patterns .
Shri Narendra Modi said that the Government does not believe in making schemes for a vote-bank , or schemes to win elections .
the promotion of efficient , economic , and secure operation of power system needed through the development of regional electricity networks ;
if all is well , the next visit should be about six weeks after the birth of the baby .
learn
during the bite that injects venom or poison , the venom passes from the venom gland through a duct into the snake 's fangs , and finally into its prey .
The Cabinet has also approved continuation of the Prime Minister’s Development Package for Jammu & Kashmir 2015 – “Stepping up of support under creation of Infrastructure in District Hospitals , Sub-district Hospitals and Primary Health Centers over 5 years ” – with effect from 1st April 2017 to 31st March 2020 with a budgetary support of Rs . 625 .20 crores as total centrally-funded scheme .
step ii - if you are a new user , please sign up , you will obtain a user name and password .
diphtheria causes infection of the upper respiratory tract , which in severe cases may lead to breathing difficulties and death .
iii . Partnership in the ASEAN Financial Innovation Network ( AFIN ) agenda .
eligibility criteria
under this scheme , training and assessment fees are completely paid by the government .
Their remarkable work inspires every Indian , ” the Prime Minister said .
for the complete information on registration and accessing the services , click here .
fees of facilitators
The Prime Minister said that before independence , the Civil Services were tasked with the objective of preserving the British Raj .
krishi sinchayee yojana with an outlay of rs .50 ,000 crores for a period of 5 years ( 2015-16 to 2019-20 ) is to achieve convergence of investments in irrigation at the field level .
computerization of land record
He said that the shared resolve of India and Bangladesh , against cruelty and terrorism , will continue to inspire future generations through the Bangladesh Bhavan .
He will witness a demonstration of activities such as beneficiary identification , and e-card creation .
a number of companies , banks , telecoms firms , online e-commerce portal , taxi-services , supermarket chains etc . provide e-wallets .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has condoled the loss of lives due to train accident in Amritsar .
as people age , the number of nerve cells in the brain decreases only slightly .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated Tejaswini Sawant for the Gold in the women’s 50m Rifle 3 Positions event .
passport
such other farmers whom the government may decide to include from time to time .
cup feeding is safer than bottle feeding because the cup can be easily cleaned with soap and water .
for details of technologies , visit the following .
any derelict or unused building , rubble , etc . should be removed to prevent any harmful animals or pests from accessing children .
for electronic toll collection data update related queries you may visit
security and electronic data preservation
The Prime Minister said that the success of economic reforms launched by the Union Government , can be gauged from the rise in India’s “Ease of Doing Business Rankings , ” from 142 to 77 in four years .
a trained health worker can advise on what type of rapid diagnostic test treatment is best and how long it should be taken in accordance with national guidelines .
chironjee
The Cabinet observed silence for two minutes in the memory of Late Shri Manohar Parrikar .
He will also deliver the inaugural address on this occasion .Prime Minister will then proceed to Gurdaspur in Punjab , where he will address a Public Rally .
e-governance in india has steadily evolved from computerization of government departments to initiatives that encapsulate the finer points of governance , such as citizen centricity , service orientation and transparency .
At present no specialized sports training facilities for Divyangjan are available in the Country .
alternatively , you can reach out to the issuing bank customer care numbers to identify the closest location –
this is called central stroke pain or central pain syndrome .
customer care 1800 110 018
once in a month , water is sprinkled over the compost material to maintain the moisture .
however , they usually refer to people working as sweepers or cleaning workers in the municipalities , government or private organisations .
that is , all new eligible employees will be covered under the employees ' provident fund scheme scheme till 2019 - 20 .
Above all , we see assertion of power over re-course to international norms .
it includes records , documents , memos , e-mails , opinions , advices , press releases , circulars , orders , logbooks , contracts , reports , papers , samples , models , data material held in any electronic form .
majority of the workers are still without any social security coverage .
if you have already registered as a voter , election commission of india provides the other facilities to voter in case he/she has shifted to other polling , name correction transposition of entry in electoral rolls and including service voter facility also .
who can apply
declare apprenticeship seats/vacancies
there can be no traffic in human beings ( including the disabled ) , and beggar and other forms of forced labour is prohibited and the same is made punishable in accordance with law ( article 23 ) .
nuclear energy is the energy that is trapped inside each atom .
develop the skills of language , thinking , planning , organizing and decision-making .
This fund will be situated in Building Materials and Technology Promotion Council ( BMTPC ) , an autonomous body registered under the Societies Registration Act , 1860 under the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs .
mushy chicks should be culled from the hatch and destroyed .
the following guidelines presents a basic , quick introduction to solid liquid waste management in rural areas .
the national policy on disaster management 2009 highlights the need for structural as well as non- structural safety in schools and educational institutions .
never make a casualty vomit  : never give large quantities of salt water
Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) of the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports ; and Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting .
to make opportunities and prosperity a reality in a lifetime , for billions .
a user 's computer may be infected by a bot ( a software that is capable of compromising the victims ’ machine and using it for further malicious activities ) and may connect to malicious servers , without his / her knowledge or consent .
the portal also generates various thematic reports of trends of incidence of crime across the country to facilitate policy analysis and interventions .
The Prime Minister cautioned against people who only wish to spread a feeling of pessimism .
He said the total cost of the projects , for which foundation stones have been laid today , is Rs . 27 ,000 crore .
if the treatment is not completed , the malaria could become more severe and difficult to cure .
Ayushman Bharat Yojana and social security schemes are also going to touch their lives , PM added .
commercial production of cattle , buffalo , sheep , goat , rabbit and pigs are discussed here
drought prone areas programme , desert development programme and integrated wastelands development programme were the watershed management programmes implemented by the department .
He was accompanied by the Chief Minister of Gujarat , Vijay Rupani and other dignitaries .
Today in Stockholm , the Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi , the Prime Minister of Denmark Lars Løkke Rasmussen , the Prime Minister of Finland Juha Sipilä , the Prime Minister of Iceland Katrín Jakobsdóttir , the Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg and the Prime Minister of Sweden Stefan Löfven held a Summit hosted by the Swedish Prime Minister and the Indian Prime Minister .
however , if the light-emitting diode bulb stops working due to a technical defect , electricity distribution company will be providing free of cost warranty for all technical faults for three years .
food and beverage facilities ,
they should be able to recognize the warning signs .
objectives of the scheme are  :
indian context
The Prime Minister said that the implementation of these welfare schemes is also bringing about a behavioural change in lives of people .
33 . We deplore the continued terrorist attacks , including in some BRICS countries .
It can also be practised at home and the specialty of Yoga is that it is easy , simple and accessible to all .
At Kancheepuram in Tamil Nadu , Prime Minister will unveil multiple projects in roadways , railways and energy sector .
copy of the identity card of the worker ( form b register number in case of mine workers ) .
in short , a digital signature has the same function as that of a handwritten signature .
feeding of pregnant animal
In its 19-year journey , Akshaya Patra foundation has served mid-day meals to 1 .76 million children in twelve states covering 14 ,702 schools .
normal frequency and consistency of bowel movement varies from individual to individual ( three to twelve bowel movements per week is probably `` normal '' ) .
total number of hospitals for which appointment can be taken through web along with their departments for which online appointment can be taken can be seen in reports .
We have made Doing Business Easier .
a 60 - watt electric bulb may provide enough warmth for the piglings during the early days of life .
chicks are listless and sit in a hunched position .
do not go out in the direct sun
a moist atmosphere can make breathing easier .
unless the seed is from approved source and of designated class certification agency will not accept the seed field for certification , thereby ensuring the use of high quality true to type seed for sowing of seed crops .
mode of selection
this is the most common type of hair loss , and it can begin at any time in a man 's life , even during his teen years .
enable passwords on devices  :
children learn how to behave ( socially and emotionally ) by imitating the behaviour of those closest to them .
it is a 4-6 digit secret code you create/set during first time registration with this app .
if it is reported by the head of the institution at any time that a scholar has by reasons of his/her own act or default failed to make satisfactory progress or has been guilty of misconduct such as resorting to or participating in strikes , irregularity in attendance without the permission of the authorities concerned etc . , the authority sanctioning the scholarships may either cancel the scholarships or stop or withhold further payment of such period as it may think fit .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post-facto approval to the MoU between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of urban planning and development .
please check with your bank and issuing bank with regard to the services enabled on the app .
108 emergency response service
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today , addressed the ‘Make in India : India-Japan partnership in Africa and digital partnership’ seminar , in Tokyo .
this is a life-threatening disease .
you will need to carry original as well as copy of your document s at the sales office location .
feeling anxious , sad or angry from time to time is normal .
a ‘ burn ’ means a burn a scald .
He will flag off a train between Dalli Rajhara and Bhanupratappur .
“Shri Guru Nanak DevJi taught us the path of truth , righteousness and compassion .
fake or malicious websites ( or legitimate ones that have been hacked by criminals ) can jeopardize your device and the data on it .
home remedies
chicken also contain less fat than meat
making arrangements for the maintenance of hospital building ( including residential buildings ) , vehicles and equipment available with the hospital  ;
composting can be done on a larger scale than using piles .
list of the beneficiaries to be counter signed by the district collector after verification from civil surgeon .
such an integrated action of input and output flows across agriculture , livestock and other production systems will harness the growth potential of the rainfed production systems , imparting sustainability of local production systems while negotiating climate change risks .
better appearance
occasionally there is paralysis or convulsions caused by the fungal toxin .
Modernisation of the Presses will enable them to undertake important confidential , urgent and multi-colour printing work of the Central Government Offices all over the country .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for adjudication of dispute on Mahanadi River Waters .
if and when you notice them , discuss the matter , and together seek help from a health worker .
The Prime Minister later visited the Durga Mata Temple , and Durga Kund .
resident indians ( individuals , trusts including mutual funds/exchange traded funds registered under mutual fund ) regulations and companies ) can make deposits under the scheme .
for special category beneficiaries such as children including orphans or those rescued from organised and forced begging rings or other forms of forced child labour and women , the amount of rehabilitation assistance shall be 2 lakhs out of which at least rs 1 ,25 ,000/- shall be deposited in an annuity scheme in the name of each beneficiary and the balance amount shall be transferred to the beneficiary account through rehabilitation package .
and introducing sound hygiene behaviours are of capital importance to reduce the burden of disease caused by these risk factors .
when there is an outbreak of measles in an area , children should be immunized .
PM also dedicated 110 MW Pare Hydroelectric Plant in Arunachal Pradesh to the nation .
It has also helped in capacity building and adoption of global best practices , by government agencies .
it is clarified that such mandatory quoting of aadhaar or enrolment shall apply only to a person who is eligible to obtain aadhaar number .
• Because it is a benchmark of transparency of processes ;
suryamitra skill development programmes are sponsored by ministry of new & renewable energy , govt . of india .
The Bodo Accord was signed in 2003 which resulted in the establishment of a Bodoland Territorial Council under Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India .
in case of any suspected transactions or loss of cards , contact the service provider/bank immediately .
install and maintain up to date anti-virus software on your computer or device .
these scholarships shall be available for studies in india only and will be awarded by the government of state/union territory to which the applicant actually belongs , i .e . permanently settled .
various programmes implemented by india and low carbon strategies and ambitious goal to increase renewable energy footprint .
The amendment will bring clarity and ensure that the prohibition of certain persons in the resolution process of an insolvent corporate person does not include unintended persons and the opportunity given to a person whose account is classified as non-performing asset is more equitable .
although there has been progress in the past years in immunizing children , in 2015 nearly 19 .4 million children are still missing out on basic vaccines .
advise and explain to the woman not to insert anything into the vagina and to wash the perineum daily and after passing faeces .
do not give the victim any liquids
birth preparedness/micro birth plan - including place of delivery and the presence of an attendant at the time of the delivery .
Various CEOs complimented the Prime Minister on the massive improvement in India’s rank in the recent World Bank Doing Business Report .
Later in the day , the Prime Minister will inaugurate the first Assembly of the International Solar Alliance at Vigyan Bhawan .
He said that through Ayushman Bharat scheme we are creating health and wellness center .
He said that after 2014 , this project was made a part of the Pradhan MantriKrishiSinchaiYojana , and all efforts were made to complete it .
we request you to please get your details corrected in appropriate document i .e . aadhaar and try to link again .
They have spread awareness on gender equality .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings to the President Shri Ram Nath Kovind .
pregnant sow should be shifted to a clean farrowing house before 3 weeks of farrowing .
new experiences repeated many times help make new connections , which shape the way the child thinks , feels , behaves and learns now and in the future .
at least 50 % of girls admitted will be from minority communities .
He said the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana has also benefited farmers whose crops have been destroyed by unforeseen causes .
The IALA , having headquarters at St . Germainen Laye ( France ) was established in 1957 under French law .
the timeline to approve a collect request needs to be defined by the requester .
The credit goes to taxpayer and not to the Government .
fish
later on 21 .8 .2008 , the cabinet approved merger of these schemes into a modified scheme named digital india land records modernization programme .
energy required to heat water for a hot wash cycle is high and therefore better avoided .
legally recognized
organizations and merchants providing point of sale services should review all system logs for any strange or unexplained activity on a regular basis .
state governments/ district administration
Mr . Modi also inaugurated restoration and renovation work of Ranipur Jharial group of monuments in Balangir & Asurgarh Fort in Kalahandi .
banking tip  :
it will help in providing better prices to farmers and is a big step towards doubling of farmers ’ income .
what to do  ?
The Prime Minister reiterated India’s strong support to Afghanistan in fighting terrorism imposed on that country and its people .
provides information on applicable labour laws
Mentioning the sporting icon Marykom , who hails from Manipur , the Prime Minister said that the North-East has a key role to play in making India a sports superpower .
news paper/ magazines and sports @ rs . 2 ,000 per month
the north-east region and 27 left-wing extremist districts
at the end of the course , proper assessment shall be made and certificates shall be issued .
courses applicable under minimum entry qualification  :
rupay is an indian domestic card scheme conceived and launched by the national payments corporation of india
under centre and states , the cost of unit assistance is to be shared between central and state governments in the ratio 60 :40 in plain areas and 90 :10 for north eastern and hilly states .
postal department ’ s post received / delivered in the applicant ’ s name at the given address .
“Greetings on Easter!
The Prime Minister said that new AIIMS are being established to help the people get better access to healthcare .
the beneficiaries under the scheme will be issued with a smart card/ debit card ( biometric smart card compatible for use in the atms/hand held swipe machines and capable of storing adequate information on farmers identity , assets , land holdings and credit profile etc ) .
thermal energy is the energy a substance or system has related to its temperature , i .e . , the energy of moving or vibrating molecules .
an employment exchange is an organisation that provides employment assistance on the basis of qualification and experience .
notice such signals and contact the nearest district head quarters .
these capacities have been getting very easily overwhelmed whenever rainfall of higher intensity has been experienced .
currently there are 1 , 66 ,671 centres which are offering various citizen centric services across the length and breadth of the nation .
applicant those fulfilled eligibility criteria and applying under prime minister ’ s scholarship scheme must have an active and valid account in any nationalized bank which has electronic clearing system core banking , to facilitate transfer of scholarship amount directly to their account .
further , the guidelines explore the provisions of disaster management act 2005 to mainstream concern of tsunami risk management in disaster management plans of various levels .
the airway should then be clear .
uploaded date
if a child can not suckle , the breast milk can be expressed into a clean cup and the child can then be fed from the cup by the mother , father or other caregiver .
initially there is a reduction in feed consumption as well as dark , often blood-stained , faeces .
no hotter or additional damage will result .
state government departments
the community should be satisfied about the selection and the selected couples should be worthy of being seen as role models for responsible parenthood .
solar systems doesn ’ t work at night directly but the battery bank , which stores energy during day-time can be used during night .
wards of deceased central armed police forces personnel will be considered for scholarship under categories “ a  ” to “ f  ” as per their priority , even on compassionate appointment of spouse in central armed police forces
people get very sick with high fevers , diarrhoea , vomiting , headache , chills and flu-like illness .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has given its approval to a number of amendments in the FDI Policy .
what can one do at school , on roads , at home and in offices and focus on concept of lifestyle choices with the key message 'increase your handprint . decrease your footprint ' .
to help ensure a safe and healthy pregnancy , a trained health worker or skilled birth attendant should  :
what not to do during a heat wave
it also helps in timely detection of parasitic infection , if any .
esign services are offered by trusted third party service provider , currently certifying authority .
emergency kit
to request money
pre-school non-formal education
forcing a woman to do this to herself , or with someone else , is also rape .
Exploring the convergences and complementarities in the region between India’s Act East Policy and Security and Growth for all in the Region ( SAGAR ) , and Indonesian Ocean Policy and Indonesia’s Global Maritime Fulcrum Vision , while reaffirming the importance of the ASEAN centrality and unity ;
14301  : manufacture of knitted or crocheted wearing apparel and other made-up articles directly into shape ( pullovers , cardigans , jerseys , waistcoats and similar articles )
gumboro disease vaccine ( live strain )
if available area of land , however , does not permit building of such minimum size of houses as per national building code and if beneficiary consent is available for reduced size of house , a suitable decision on area may be taken by state with the approval of slum redevelopment projects .
On Benami Law , he said it was his government that implemented Benami Law and now people are getting caught for having the benami properties .
kitchen utensils , such as baking tins , oven shelves and pan handles
On the occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti today , Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated a Health and Wellness Centre , to mark the launch of the Union Government’s ambitious Health Assurance Programme – Ayushman Bharat .
except for eggs , all other food component data are for foods in the raw form .
mineral products like earthen toys manufacture
In this context , the Prime Minister mentioned the various schemes of the Union Government which seek to empower the poor and underprivileged sections of society , such as Jan DhanYojana , UjjwalaYojana , insurance schemes , toilet construction , and direct benefits transfer .
physical examination
individual who fulfills the eligibility criteria for sheheri vitrak are to submit online application form .
in order to fight against corruption and to establish the good governance , government of india has introduced several laws .
a healthy mother , a safe birth , essential newborn care and attention , a loving family and a clean home environment contribute greatly to newborn health and survival .
The Prime Minister said that as in previous years , “Run For Unity , ” will be organised to mark the Jayanti of Sardar Patel on October 31st .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today visited Thiruvananthapuram .
if the annuitized pension wealth does not yield an amount of rs . 1 ,000 per month , the percentage of pension wealth to be annuitised would be increased so that the pension amount becomes rs . 1 ,000 per month , failing which the entire pension wealth would be subject to annuitisation .
He also talked about how NRIs can contribute to the success of Mahatma Gandhi’s dream , Swachh Bharat .
when speaking about oil , that element can be sent though pipelines .
Pahari Dam Modernization Project Dedicated to the Nation
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the North East Industrial Development Scheme ( NEIDS ) , 2017 with financial outlay of Rs .3000 crores upto March , 2020 .
experience confusion .
each individual solid and liquid waste management project may be approved at the district water and sanitation committee level according to the technical and financial rules of the individual states .
it more commonly affects men in their late 20s though women and children can also suffer these types of headache .
• The Sultanate of Oman expressed interest to cooperate with Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) for building its space programme .
We understand the benefits of connectivity .
children over 6 months of age can take 20 milligrams per day of zinc ( tablet or syrup ) .
farmers should be advised to vaccinate the animals against swine fever about 20 - 30 days before breeding .
in such an unfortunate event , option will be available to the nominee to receive 100 % of the retirement solutions limited pension wealth in lump sum .
The Prime Minister said that the Government believes that NRIs are partners for India’s development .
He has warned the perpetrators and those aiding and abetting terrorists that they have made a big mistake and will have to pay a heavy price .
however in the case of the north east states , the states are required to contribute only rs 400/- per individual toilet .
nerve cell networks have special jobs .
every meter inland or upward may make a difference .
Mr . Etienne briefed the Prime Minister on the strengthening ties between India and France in all sectors , including in the areas of defence and security .
small and loose things , which can fly in strong winds , should be stored safely in a room .
by providing for research in the field of safety , health and environment at workplace , including the social and psychological factors involved , and by developing innovative methods , techniques including computer aided risk assessment tools , and approaches for dealing with safety , health and environment at workplace problems which will help in establishing standards  ;
lease agreement
“ sexual abuse '' such as conduct of a sexual nature such as forced sexual intercourse , forcing the aggrieved person to watch pornography or other obscene material .
point of sale systems consist of hardware as well as software that tells the hardware what to do with the information it captures .
automatic and automated mutations will significantly reduce the scope of fraudulent property deals
the tax benefits include the additional deduction of rs 50 ,000 under section 80ccd ( 1 ) .
pregnant workers and workers with a medical condition should be given additional attention .
medication  :
for guidelines on career centres , click here .
This year will also see the launch of the inaugural Asian Infrastructure Forum , which will gather infrastructure practitioners in a practical and project-driven discourse , focused on matching innovative finance to critical infrastructure needs .
tetanus bacteria or spores grow in dirty cuts .
cash entitlement for different categories of mothers is as follows  :
this includes  : incorporation of skilling in the school curriculum , providing opportunities for quality long and short-term skill training , by providing gainful employment and ensuring career progression that meets the aspirations of trainees .
cyclones occur frequently on both the coasts ( the west coast - arabian sea  ; and the east coast - bay of bengal ) .
use an umbrella or hat or cover head with a cloth
lower cost and affordability
buttermilk or sweet skim milk can also be used .
however adolescents could take steps to protect their emotional well-being , and as with other illnesses , there is much that caring people around them could do to help .
bleeding
From the dam site , the Prime Minister will travel to Sadhu Bet , where the Statue of Unity , an iconic statue and associated memorial complex for Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , is currently under construction .
Mr . Kim congratulated the Prime Minister for India’s historic rise in the Ease of Doing Business rankings .
if you can not get this high or far , go as high or far as you can .
additional benefits such as reservation in higher education ( not less than 5 % ) , government jobs ( not less than 4 % ) , reservation in allocation of land , poverty alleviation schemes ( 5 % allotment ) etc . have been provided for persons with benchmark disabilities and those with high support needs .
a scholarship holder under this scheme will not hold any other scholarship/stipend .
generally , the ‘ eye ’ of the storms has three basic shapes  : ( i ) circular  ; ( ii ) concentric  ; and ( iii ) elliptical .
talk to your insurance agent .
a child can die from measles .
1 barrel of oil = 42 gallon = 159 litres .
after the evaluation , the child is either released on probation and if the child is not reformed then the child will be sent to a jail for remaining term .
the allocation from the kosh will be used to supplement and complement departmental resources for such activities .
CRUK’s share for such funding shall be £5 million ( approx .
use mosquito nets preferably insecticide treated bed nets .
We also highlighted the importance of unity in the fight against terrorist organisations in Syria in full observance of the relevant UNSC Resolutions .
washing hands can also prevent infection with worms .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi undertook an aerial survey of the flood affected areas in Bihar today ; He took stock of the relief , rehabilitation and compensation measures in detail with the State Chief Minister Shri Nitish Kumar , Deputy Chief Minister Shri Sushil Modi and senior state officials in Purnea .
It is our endeavor to see that these petro-chemicals are manufactured in India itself .
This system is designed to help tackle crime .
children who are 6 months of age or older should be encouraged to breastfeed , eat and drink frequently .
The delegation conveyed its appreciation to the Prime Minister for empowering the institutions of local self-governance through the successful and peaceful conduct of Panchayat elections in Jammu and Kashmir .
smoking  :
the applicant can click on submit button to submit the right to information application .
He also showed that it is important to leave a clean and green planet for the future generations , the Prime Minister added .
when the cyclone starts
deworming also has important spillover effects , meaning that other members of the community who do not receive treatment benefit , as there are fewer worms in the environment .
draft a school policy on the safe use of electronic devices and implement it
keep the toilets , bathrooms and surroundings clean .
note 3  : income certificate is required to be taken once only , i .e . at the time of admission to courses , which are continuing for more than one year .
after the diarrhoea stops , extra feeding is vital for a full recovery .
breast milk ( mothers should breastfeed more often than usual )
Three lakh companies were shut down after demonetisation and nobody thought black money could be curbed , said the PM .
babies learn rapidly from the moment of birth .
if awarded any other scholarship/stipend , the student can exercise his/her option for either of the two scholarships/stipends , whichever is more beneficial to him/her and should inform the awarding authority through the head of the institution about the option made .
support the baby 's head when you hold the baby upright
national optical fibre network was envisaged as an information super-highway through the creation of a robust middle-mile infrastructure for reaching broadband connectivity to gram panchayats .
following is the list of such guarantees  :
two major families of snakes account for most venomous snakes dangerous to humans .
A group of 30 schoolgirls , from Srinagar , Jammu and Kashmir , called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today in New Delhi .
46 . The leaders encouraged Euratom and the Department of Atomic Energy to conclude the Agreement for Research & Development Cooperation in the field of the Peaceful Uses of Nuclear Energy .
neurotoxins affect the nervous system .
call 108 and 102 for ambulance for emergency medical services or take the victim to a hospital immediately .
safety of children , their teachers and parents needs to be approached holistically to include visible as well as invisible risks that may be sudden on-set or have built-up slowly over a period of time .
India’s engagement with Africa will continue to be guided by 10 principles .
In order to meet the requirement of Upper Myanmar , two way movement of high speed diesel trucks have started from India .
Provision for commencement of operations before COD .
this is the dose of iron-folic acid required to correct anemia ( therapeutic dose ) .
drinking lots of liquids helps to replace the fluids lost during diarrhoea .
The Prime Minister said that he knows the extent of damage and destruction such a cyclone brings , as he too has been a Chief Minister of a coastal state .
The Prime Minister complimented CREDAI for their contribution in fulfilling the dreams of ordinary citizens of owning a house .
families and communities can protect their water supply by  :
The present upper ceiling on gratuity amount under the Act is Rs . 10 Lakh .
this long association with india had resulted in translation and preservation of thousands of indian literature on various subjects like religion , sciences , arts , culture and language etc . in tibetan language .
PM said , “Deepest condolences on the tragic loss of life in today’s air crash in Moscow .
as the head is lowered below the heart , blood will flow to the brain .
avoid eating too many sweets and fried foods .
in case it was due to extraneous factors , the girl should not be included .
chicken can be raised over or adjacent to the ponds and the poultry excreta recycled to fertilize the fishponds .
account number
from existing tier 1 cities to tier 2 and tier 3 cities including semi-urban and rural areas .
how to avoid anaemia and parasitic diseases in children over 6 months of age
organize outreach services / health camps at facilities under the jurisdiction of the hospital  ;
note 2  : house rent allowance received by the parents of a student shall be exempted from the computation of ‘ income ’ if the same has been permitted to be exempted for purpose of income-tax .
the initiative aims at providing a simplified , mission-oriented , accountable , responsive & transparent system for faster & effective disposal of scholarships applications and delivery of funds directly into beneficiaries account without any leakages .
lok sabha officer has to choose a gram panchayat from within his/her constituency and rajya sabha officer a gram panchayat from the rural area of a district of his/her choice in the state from which he/she is elected .
stay low and cover your head and neck with your hands and arms .
the school building shall be free from inflammable and toxic materials , which if necessary , should be stored away from the school building .
modification and decay
hygiene
the kosh will be used to achieve the objective of improving cleanliness levels in rural and urban areas , including in schools .
23 . The Sides appreciated the efforts to further cement and institutionalize cooperation between Indian States and Russian Regions .
most clothing nowadays is made from synthetic fibers which melt like toffee and stick to the skin .
the system is much more intricate than mere economic or labour relations  ; it reflects the stratified social structure where one or more social groups work without consideration of minimum wages or other righlbased labour standards just for the sake of honouring social custom or for fear of possible reprisal in case of non-conformity , which more often than not are characterised by physical violence , ostracisation , etc .
dry matter ( % )
pregnant women and
recognizing the need for providing social security to these workers , the central government has introduced a bill in the parliament .
it also includes information relating to any private body which can be accessed by the public authority under any law for the time being in force .
other diseases like piglet diarrhoea , salmonellosis , mastitis etc can be treated when it occurs in consultation with the veterinarian .
related links
A decision to host the Eighth Edition of the GES in 2017 in India was taken at the meeting between the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi and the then US President Barack Obama on 7th June , 2016 under the Joint Declaration .
national career service portal - job opportunities at the click of a button
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the implementation of the CCEA decision on closure of Tungabhadra Steel Products Limited ( TSPL ) regarding disposal of its immovable assets .
a transient ischemic attack sometimes called a mini stroke temporarily disrupts blood flow through brain .
a new mother who does not know her hiv status should exclusively breastfeed her child for the first six months and continue breastfeeding for up to two years and beyond in addition to feeding the child other nutritious foods and drinks .
after clicking submit , customer gets notification ( successful or decline )
symptoms
India stands with its maritime neighbour in this difficult hour ” , the Prime Minister said .
every pregnant woman must have a skilled birth attendant , such as a midwife , doctor or nurse , assisting her during childbirth , and she must also have timely access to specialized care if complications should occur .
The Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Act , 2014 mandates that TPC shall establish a 4000 MW power facility in the Successor State Telengana , as mentioned in the Thirteenth Schedule of the Act .
The projects will give major push to the gas-based industrial units in Andhra Pradesh and neighbouring states .
media
if suspect someone is having a stroke , watch the person carefully while waiting for emergency assistance .
safe water sources include properly constructed and maintained piped systems , public standpipes , boreholes , pond sand filters , protected dug wells , protected springs and rainwater collection .
for a shelter less person , a house brings about a profound social change in his existence , endowing him with an identity , thus integrating him with his immediate social milieu .
avoid writing down information used to access the digital wallets in plain view or storing them in an unprotected file to avoid their misuse .
swadhar greh facilities could also be availed by the children accompanying women in the above categories .
registered customer to submit written consent in favour of the family member .
you can also send your application to banking ombudsman by e-mail
Traction Propulsion Equipments
Congratulations to the team of Sawarn Singh , Dattu Baban Bhokanal , Om Prakash and Sukhmeet Singh ” , the Prime Minister said .
post harvest expenses
these side effects disappear after some time .
the comments should not have a potential to disturb communal harmony or against the national interest .
He will address a Sahakar Sammelan at Amreli .
at times such students are deprived of harnessing their latent skills and thereby miss the opportunity .
view reports
damaging wave activity and unpredictable currents can affect harbours for a period of time following the initial tsunami impact on the coast .
Women Engineering College Building in Ramgarh will also be inaugurated by PM .
More than one lakh houses were handed over to beneficiaries , across 26 districts of the State .
if one arm begins to fall , may be having a stroke .
save cost and time
PM to lay foundation Stone for the extension of Terminal Building at Surat Airport
mix the spray solution well and use
This will fulfil the long term demand of ‘Parivara’ and Talawara’ communities for granting Scheduled Tribes status in the State of Karnataka .
composting of coir pith reduces its bulkiness and converts plant nutrients to the available form .
He also unveiled several other development projects in the state from IG Park in Itanagar .
as one reaches puberty , perspiration will be more .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today delivered the inaugural address at the Uttar Pradesh Investors’ Summit – 2018 .
introduction
besides the above the pigs can also be maintained with vegetables waste and kitchen waste consisting of cooked rice , vegetables etc .
the occurrence of an earthquake in a populated area may cause numerous casualties and injuries as well as extensive damage to property .
the mission will support construction of houses upto 30 square meter carpet area with basic civic infrastructure .
a confirmation screen will appear showing the mini-statement .
the lower part of the chest sucks in when the child breathes in , or it looks as though the stomach is moving up and down
the total duration of on-the-job/practical training for these courses will be of one year ( excluding the period of basic training )
we suggest that you carry proofs for identity and correspondence address .
any person can request for electromagnetic frequency emission measurement at a location by paying a nominal fee of rs 4000/- online .
in essence , cyber law is an attempt to integrate the challenges presented by human activity on the internet with legacy system of laws applicable to the physical world .
most mosquito nets are distributed free of charge , especially to pregnant women and young children .
the pharma jan samadhan provides the consumer with an effective and time bound online grievance redressal system to effectively deal with complaints related to pricing , shortage and non-availability of medicines .
withdrawal
It means a growth of over 75% .
in view of the eminent roles of panchayat raj institutions , it is necessary to consciously structure and facilitates a mutually beneficial working relationship between panchayats and institutions of the poor , particularly at the level of village panchayats .
At a public event to mark the 75th anniversary of the hoisting of Tricolour on Indian soil by Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose , the Prime Minister released a commemorative postal stamp , coin , and First Day Cover .
children whose families are in crises
at the backend , validation of user is carried out using aadhaar service and generates a key pair ( a public key and a private key ) for the user and signs the document .
1 . The President of the Republic of Maldives , H .E . Mr Ibrahim Mohamed Solih , is on a State Visit to India from 16-18 December 2018 at the invitation of the Prime Minister of the Republic of India , H .E . Mr Narendra Modi .
simple appointment process
alerts
please check with your bank and issuing bank with regard to the services enabled on the app
all degree/diploma course recognised by technology in any discipline .
this unit is used for measuring heat energy .
as long as the wife is above 15 years old , it is not considered rape , if the husband engages in sex with her without her consent .
if you are a married person , you should be able to get an abortion if contraceptives did not work and you did not want to have more children .
what to do after an earthquake
article 19 ( 1 ) of the indian constitution guarantees us the right to freedom of speech and expression and as recognized by the supreme court this also implies a full right to information .
lack of essential supplies and trained health personnel at the centers
children who are anaemic , malnourished or frequently sick may become fearful and upset more easily than healthy children .
The Prime Minister mentioned Sir Chhotu Ram’s initiatives to provide remunerative prices to farmers , and also spoke of the steps taken by the Union Government in this regard .
online payment of government share
better do it on the 5th day .
cow ’ s milk is the best substitute for sow ’ s milk for hand feeding if a lactating mother is not available .
Setting up of the JWG on Counter Terrorism by India and Morocco would help cases relating to terrorist attacks .
hydrogen is considered an alternative fuel .
implementation
only those candidates who belong to obcs so specified in relation to the state/ut to which the applicant actually belongs , i .e . permanently settled and who have passed the matriculation or higher secondary or any higher examination of a recognized university or board of secondary education will be eligible .
a cheque is a promise made in writing by one party to unconditionally pay another party a specified amount of money , which is owed to it .
opening of account
Q . Are Israel and India facing the same threat of terrorism ?
pradhan mantri mudra yojana
the lack of the enzyme , aspartoacylase , leads to a buildup of material called acetylaspartic acid in the brain .
use broad bottom vessels
family history of epilepsy , risk is more , although genetic inheritance plays only a partial role in causing epilepsy .
solar energy offers decentralization in most ( sunny ) locations , meaning self-reliant societies .
watch for flooding if close to river , help others who need help especially elderly people , children and women , seek advice from local authorities for rebuilding damaged houses , roads etc .
band-aids ( plasters )
these are cells that are responsible for the breaking down of bones
list of documents required
The signing of Memorandum of Understanding with Bulgaria will be instrumental in increasing arrival from this important source market .
breast milk can be stored for up to eight hours at room temperature without going bad .
promoting a culture of prevention , preparedness and resilience at all levels through knowledge , innovation and education .
schedule counselling session
Have a happy and blessed Uttarayan ” the Prime Minister said .
cost of preparation of paper book ( including paper , printing and translation of documents ) in legal proceedings and expenses incidental thereto .
Prime Minister at UrjaSangam , 2015 had directed to reduce the import in energy sector by at least 10% by 2022 .
limit to be fixed on the basis of operational land holding , cropping pattern and scale of finance .
international negotiations for climate change and focus on concept of lifestyle choices on what one can do to “ increase the handprint and decrease your footprint  ” .
creating and rejuvenating traditional water storage systems like jal mandir ( gujarat )  ; khatri , kuhl ( h .p . )  ; zabo ( nagaland )  ; eri , ooranis ( t .n . )  ; dongs ( assam )  ; katas , bandhas ( odisha and m .p . ) etc . at feasible locations .
use good quality diesel suction pipe to save energy and save electricity up to 20 % .
pre-identification of plant conditions which can lead to an emergency in the public domain .
delhi , copyright infringement is cognizable and non-bailable .
how is amyotrophic lateral sclerosis treated  ?
because of the design simplicity , user familiarity with hyperlinks , and the ease of sharing , such links can be generated and shared across multiple communication channels , such as email , chat , and social networks .
PM inaugurated Patna the Patna City Gas Distribution project which will provide piped gas supply in Ptana city and adjoining areas . .
user selects the bank account from which he/she wants to initiate the transaction
budgetary support  :
India was named as a member of the same group .
the raw material uranium is a scarce resource .
and also new schemes like infrastructure for agro-processing clusters ,
He said that the institute will help in garnering and spreading the knowledge on tribal ways and culture .
the labour market information system , will on the one hand provide citizens with vital information on skilling initiatives across the country .
The Institute will have nine Departments/Centres and will conduct 12 courses to offer diploma , certificate , graduate , post graduate , M .Phil degrees in the area of mental health rehabilitation .
the winners were identified through a random draw of the eligible transaction ( which are generated automatically as soon as the transaction is completed ] by software specially developed for this purpose .
the employment to be covered under the scheme would comprise new employment for workers earning wages less than rs . 15 ,000/- per month .
capacity building / training programme for health care professionals at local level to recognize and respond to heat-related illnesses , particularly during extreme heat events .
cards to be issued to all beneficiaries .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Framework Agreement between India and Indonesia on cooperation in the exploration and uses of outer space for peaceful purposes .
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will visit Jharkhand and Odisha on 5th January 2019 .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Raigad district of Maharashtra .
mosquito control
He was away from public life and politics for over a decade ; and yet there was such an outpouring of emotion at his passing .
nulliparous women below 145 cms of height have an increased risk of disproportion at delivery and therefore considered high-risk mothers for whom hospital delivery is recommended .
conditions of eligibility
after the age of 35 , the health risks associated with pregnancy and childbirth begin to increase again .
eligibility criteria
many services will send an email to you at a recovery email address if you need to reset your password , so make sure your recovery email address is up -to-date and an account you can still access .
municipal bodies
This volume covers the martyrs of Maharashtra , Gujarat and Sind .
reduce annual electricity bills by rs 2692
magnetic resonance imaging of the head
it would be ensured that at least 60 % of the credit flows to shishu category units and the balance to kishor and tarun categories .
engine jacket cooling water should be warm .
malaria is very dangerous for pregnant women .
these deficiencies are most common in people on restrictive diets and women who have very heavy menstrual flow .
• FIIs/FPIs allowed to invest in Power Exchanges through primary market
It can show the way in defeating tensions and mindless anxiety .
the harassment must be such that a reasonable person , in possession of the same information , would regard it as sufficient another reasonable distress .
the email body will have the uniform resource identifier link of the document and the sender name and aadhaar number .
use of e-governance standards and protocols as notified by detailed project report be mandated in all e-governance projects
pond embankment can also be used for growing crops of pulses and oil seeds .
is there any comprehensive law on cybercrime today  ?
He said these projects are going to improve “ease of living ” for the people of the State .
Digital payments including direct transfer of government benefits is now under full implementation .
these are potential fire risks .
information which relates to personal information the disclosure of which has no relationship to any public activity or interest , or which would cause unwarranted invasion of the privacy of the individual unless the public information officer is satisfied that the larger public interest justifies the disclosure of such information .
The Prime Minister stated that both countries have benefitted in an unprecedented manner through economic engagement .
rural landless households
the diseases like anemia , upper respiratory problem , malaria  ; gastro-intestinal disorders like acute diarrhea , intestinal protozoan  ; micro nutrient deficiency and skin infection diseases are common among particularly vulnerable tribal groups
but there are serious health hazards associated with cooking based on fossil fuels .
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone for the Indian Institute of Information Technology ( IIIT ) , at Una .
The Prime Minister will address a public rally in Dharamshala in Kangra district .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Civil Aviation .
In this context , the Prime Minister welcomed the holding of the first meeting of the Security Dialogue between India and Indonesia .
as per the new definition , a village would be declared as electrified , if  :
Which Indian would not be proud of our soldiers ?
subsequently , the enrolment agency sends the data to data centre .
update your antivirus , anti spyware products regularly and scan your computer at least twice a week after updating the products
PM said , “Congratulations to Rashtrapati Ramnath Kovind Ji on completing 1 year in office .
simplified claim settlement procedure evolved under scheme whereby an enquiry-cum-verification committee comprising branch manager of implementing bank , lead bank officer and representative of insurance company to certify nature of accident causing disability/death and recommend settlement of insurance claims .
Powered by the energy of our youth , we are positioning India as a global manufacturing hub .
in tamil nadu state alone 5 lakh tons of coir dust is available .
in exceptional case , financial assistance under the scheme shall also be provided to state governments/union territory administrations .
stop as quickly as safety permits and stay in the vehicle .
list of all the documents which are uploaded by the resident can be viewed in this subsection .
objective of seed certification
This is the tenth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with the beneficiaries of various Government schemes .
in areas where malaria is common , the fever could be caused by malaria , which is dangerous to the health and survival of the child .
donations , collections , disbursements scalable .
The completion of this project is a boon for the people of Mizoram .
creation of appropriate skill sets among rural migrants and the urban poor for inclusive growth .
since the records will be placed on the websites with proper security , property owners will have free access to their records without any compromise in regard to confidentiality of the information
a pregnant woman who is hiv-positive should consult a trained health worker for counselling on how to reduce the risk of infecting her baby during pregnancy , childbirth and breastfeeding and how to care for herself and her baby .
the common cold is spread mostly by hand-to-hand contact
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Rashtriya Gramin Swaraj Abhiyan today , at a public meeting , in Mandla in Madhya Pradesh .
The dignitaries also flagged off the inaugural run of the Bandhan Express between Kolkata and Khulna .
who gets amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ?
compared to diesel or gas , it is much more fuel efficient as it can produce more energy per pound of fuel .
this covers the cost of collection of soil sample , its test , generation and distribution of soil health card to the farmer .
residents of any other state district may note that they need not enroll under aadhaar if they have already enrolled under national population register
why do children need special attention  ?
practice your evacuation routes .
the curator checks if you are trust worthy
Shri Modi thanked the Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Japanese people for the warm hospitality and reception accorded to him .
India is the only place which offers Democracy , Demography and Demand Deeper Structural Reforms to strengthen economy : PM
· 8th BRICS Science , Technology and Innovation ( STI ) – 2 July ( Durban )
refusal to accept or delay in accepting payment towards taxes , as required by reserve bank/government
From Africa alone , over the last decade , over 25 ,000 students have trained in India on ITEC scholarships .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Uzbekistan for increased cooperation in the areas of Trade , Industry , and Research & Development of Pharmaceutical products .
They expressed satisfaction with the conclusions reached at the 6th meeting of Myanmar-India Joint Trade Committee held in New Delhi , India in June , 2017 and agreed to continue holding of meetings on Border Trade Committee and Border Haats Committee .
He saluted the jawans of the security forces and police forces .
village tourism including eco-tourism
if you want to submit application to banking ombudsman in hard copy , then click here to download prescribed “ application form  ”
This is the first time after independence that the Union Cabinet has the maximum representation of women ministers .
Implementation strategy would be based on intense monitoring and Convergence Action Plan right upto the grass root level .
enter or select the receiver 's mobile number or payment address ( you can select from your contact list or enter it ) or adhaar number
this motion is driven by the flow of the mantle rock beneath the plates and by the forces plates exert at their boundaries where they touch each other .
( IV ) Framework cooperation programme between Invest India and Saudi Arabia General Investment Authority ( SAGIA ) .
one of the key standards is in relation to access to “ all weather buildings  ”  ;
the law is clear that the woman must expressly consent to both , watching/taking pictures as well as sharing them , for it to not be a crime .
The process of auctioning received a tremendous response from the people of India .
increased water holding capacity ,
the scholarship , once awarded , may be renewed during next academic year also by the concerned state government/ union territory administration unless the competent authority of the school recommends to the state government/ union territory administration , to discontinue the award with reference to relevant clause of these regulations governing the scheme .
the constitution of india applies uniformly to every legal citizen of india , whether they are healthy or disabled in any way ( physically or mentally )
it does not matter if she was given regular employment or engaged on contract basis , she is covered under this law .
“Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas .
category
class iii to viii rs .200/- per month for 10 months
for the facilitation of buyer and seller , the product along with photographs , description , cost and mobile number/address of the producer are being displayed on the e-haat portal .
suryamitra skill development programme
free from pest and disease
minimum 70 % marks in class x overall and 80 % marks in science and mathematics  ;
ashok is a student and uses a video application that allows buying on-demand movie on his android phone .
they are a part of a countrywide network of experts who can provide valuable guidance .
cooking food thoroughly kills germs .
himachal pradesh – 174
mandating standards and protocols
urine soaked earth , scraped from cattle sheds is mixed with water and sprinkled over the layer of wastes twice or thrice a day .
in case of integrated the scholarship will be given for initial three/four years as the case may be .
He said that the gathering today is part of the effort to transform the State of Uttar Pradesh .
by monitoring the adoption of national standards through regulatory authorities  ;
every member shall appoint a nominee to receive the claim amount after his death .
it is proposed to allot lin to all these 6-7 lakh units .
We have also revampedour up-stream policies and regulationsand brought transparency and competitiveness in the sectorthrough the launch of Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing Policy .
weaner pen
finding contact info of nearest local help
here are a few factors that can cause seizures  :
As on date , more than 2 ,500 mentors are actively mentoring students in over 1 ,300 ATL schools .
seismic and sea-level data are continuously monitored in the early warning centre using custom-built software application that generates alarms/alerts in the warning centre whenever a pre-set threshold is crossed .
a citizen may not be provided the following information unless s/he convinces the public information officer that the public interest in disclosure outweighs any other interests served by non-disclosure ( partial access may be provided to the part of the record which does not contain information exempted from disclosure ) .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI ) and Financial Services Commission ( FSC ) , Gibraltar for mutual co-operation and technical assistance .
ensure the integrated development of rainfed areas using the watershed approach towards soil and water conservation , regeneration of ground water , arresting runoff , providing livelihood options and other activities .
separate chapter ( viii ) on adoption provides for detailed provisions relating to adoption and punishments for not complying with the laid down procedure .
urban flooding is significantly different from rural flooding as urbanization leads to developed catchments , which increases the flood peaks from 1 .8 to 8 times and flood volumes by up to 6 times .
technology for cyber security
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today celebrated Diwali with jawans of the Indian Army and ITBP , at Harsil in Uttarakhand .
popularizing resource conservation technologies ( both on - farm and off - farm ) and introducing practices that will support mitigation efforts in times of extreme climatic events or disasters like prolonged dry spells , floods etc .
breast milk is easy for the baby to digest .
specific objectives and deliverables
this can be difficult for parents to accept .
swelling
what is the ideal time for soil sampling  ?
scheme for award of financial assistance for education ( scholarship ) to the children of limestone & dolomite mine workers
immediate payment service offers instant , 24x7 , interbank electronic fund transfer service from one person to other using mobile number and mobile money identifier .
simple steps to get your appointment fixed online !
the concept of school safety in its current form includes safety issues both inside and outside the school .
Cultural Exchange Programme ( CEP )
Addressing a large public gathering at Mohanpura , the Prime Minister paid homage to Dr . Syama Prasad Mukherjee on his death anniversary .
for example , an establishment , say employees ' provident fund had filed an labour identification number for the employers ' contribution for 45 employees/workers in march , 2016 .
Proud of the Indian Air Force ” , the Prime Minister said .
This is 45 percent of the FDI received in last 18 years .
No martyr , no family is an exception to that .
He said the Union Government has taken up many path breaking economic reforms in last three years , which have simplified procedures for doing business .
The member countries may utilize the BRICS Network of Labour Research Institutes and BRICS Social Security Cooperation Framework for cooperation on Social Security and other labour issues .
24 . His Royal Highness the Crown Prince reiterated the Kingdom’s commitment to meet India’s growing needs for crude oil and petroleum products and substitute for any shortages that may arise as a result of any disruptions from other sources .
big change is the big challenge
components of national agriculture market
where soap is not available hands can be washed with ash and water .
what is right to information act  ?
fowl pox and laryngotracheitis
PM will inaugurate Eklavya Model Residential School , at Nanded through the press of button .
non-payment or delay in payment of inward remittances ,
medical emergencies
As on the First of March 2019 , these Centres have already become functional in fifteen Smart Cities .
9th edition of Vibrant Gujarat Summit to be inaugurated by PM 18th January
capturing a woman engaged in a sexual act .
selection and offer to basic training providers on-line by government and private .
health-care providers have a responsibility to provide parents and other caregivers with this information on the health risks for a child with pneumonia and the preventive steps and treatments to take .
The Prime Minister will dedicate the Garjanbahal coal mines , and the Jharsuguda-Barapali-Sardega rail link to the nation .
He will address a public meeting , and distribute RuPay cards to beneficiaries at the Shri Kshetra Dharmasthala Rural Development Project , at Ujire .
criteria for declaring schedule areas
what are the different components of a resident ’ s digital locker  ?
also , in case of cash transfers , the money reaches directly to your aadhaar linked bank account , and you do not have to pursue different people to get the funds .
During the address , Prime Minister announced the launch of the next phase of the India-Italy Industrial Research and Development Cooperation program .
babies and small children should not be left alone for long periods of time .
Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of Guru Ravidas Birth Place Development Project at Shri Guru Ravidas Janmasthan Temple , Seergoverdhanpur .
they are  :
the government shall set up 7 new research parks in institutes with an initial investment of inr 100 crore each .
During Prime Minister’s visit to Brussels in March 2016 to attend the EU Summit and bilateral dialogue with Belgium , it was proposed to sign an MOU in IT and Electronics sector between India and Belgium .
universal social mobilisation provides revolving fund and community investment fund as resources in perpetuity to the institutions of the poor , to strengthen their institutional and financial management capacity and build their track record to attract mainstream bank finance .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said that Yoga has become one of the most powerful ‘Unifying Forces’ in the world .
nodal agency should submit along with the application , the following requirements  :
affected people
nose secretions get dried and forms a crest which block the nose .
platform to discuss various issues related to agriculture and allied sectors
the punishment is jail time of between one and five years along with a fine .
to reduce the incidence of mortality , morbidity , malnutrition and school dropout  ;
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi gave its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Korea on Trade Remedy Cooperation .
the national disaster management act 2005 lays down the institutional , legal , financial and coordination mechanisms for disaster management at the national , state , district and local levels .
identification of temporary shelters within the facility/site for shifting plant personnel , in case required .
­rehabilitation and reconstruction .
it is renewable .
promoting extension services
hacking and cracking are amongst the gravest cybercrimes known till date .
a breastfed child who has a cough or cold may have difficulty breastfeeding .
do not act hastily or impulsively when you are under pressure or are feeling anxious , sad or angry .
antibiotics are needed when…
dark red/white spots develop in the legs and combs of chickens .
have been through infibulation or genital cutting
`` jan dhan bank has issued guidelines dated august 26 , 2014 , where people who do not have officially valid documents or aadhaar numbers can still get bank accounts opened by submitting two copies of signed photographs at the bank branch , '' an official statement said .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has remembered brave soldiers who fought in 1971 , on the occasion of Vijay Diwas .
unit  : any unit holding registration cum membership of management of the council as “ manufacturer-exporter ’ or having a valid factory licence and has paid licence fee for the current year or a unit having part –2 registration under jute manufacture .
article 39 ( e ) and ( f ) provides that the state shall , in particular , direct its policy towards securing to `` ensure that the health and strength of workers , men and women and the tender age of children are not abused '' and `` that the citizens are not forced by economic necessity to enter avocations unsuited to their age or strength '' and that `` the children are given opportunities and facilities to develop in a healthy manner and in conditions of freedom and dignity '' and that the childhood and youth are protected against exploitation and against moral and material abandonment .
examples include mechanical energy , electrical energy etc .
important judicial pronouncements
yes , one can use more than one bank application on the same mobile and link both same as well as different accounts .
the scheme of start-ups intellectual property protection aims to promote awareness and adoption of intellectual property rights amongst start-ups .
He said the rising middle class , and the support provided to the carpet industry are two key factors behind the growth in this sector .
The Commemorative Postage Stamps depict “Manipuri Dance ” of India and “HovArek Dance ” of Armenia .
employees ' provident fund and miscellaneous provisions act ,1952
the government has not yet come out with the full list of allowed entertainment and sporting activities under this exception .
PM in Karnataka
fever , reduced feed consumption , mucoid discharge from the mouth , ruffled feathers , diarrhea , and laboured breathing may be seen .
Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) for Youth Affairs and Sports , Col . Rajyavardhan Rathore , was present on the occasion .
presence of off-types in any seed crop , pollen-shedders in sorghum , bajra , sunflower etc . ,
Earlier , on arrival , the Prime Minister unveiled plaques to mark the inauguration of five new buildings at the BSF Academy .
any specialized aspect of theatre art , including acting , direction , etc . , but excluding playwriting and research .
The Prime Minister mentioned that over 3 crore LPG connections have been distributed through the Ujjwala Yojana .
# My name is Deepanshu Ahuja .
then fill details like states , first name , last name
9 . Both sides welcomed the outcomes of the Workshop between NITI Aayog and Saudi Centre for International Strategic Partnership ( SCISP ) organised recently in Riyadh .
He said that the Governing Council has approached complex issues of governance as “Team India ” , in the spirit of cooperative , competitive federalism .
For him , the path to achieving those goals passes through Israel .
no transfer fee or additional security deposit will be charged for transfer of connection under portability scheme .
He said the focus is on providing next generation infrastructure , and integration of the transport sector .
The Prime Minister said India can achieve a lot in football .
prevention and early detection of disabilities
He said , rumours are now being spread about the Financial Regulation and Deposit Insurance ( FRDI ) Bill .
commissioner for persons with disabilities in the state .
the contribution of nuclear power plants to global warming is therefore relatively little .
annual lighting emission reduction of 118 - 470 kg is equivalent to 11-47 additional trees
credit card
the selection is based on consumer preference , growth rate and meat quality .
Ayushman Bharat also includes the Pradhan Mantri National Health Protection Mission .
causing harm , injury , or danger to the woman with an intention to coerce her or any other person related to her to meet any demand for dowry .
national skill development mission
if the child is 6 months of age or older , parents and other caregivers should encourage the child to eat as often as possible , offering small amounts of soft , mashed foods or foods the child likes .
PM will also visit the museum .
under the scheme , swadhar greh will be set up in every district with capacity of 30 women with the following objectives  :
the accredited social health activist scheme is presently in place in 33 states ( except goa , chandigarh & puducherry ) .
people most at risk of rabies live in rural areas of africa and asia , where access to healthcare and animal health facilities is limited , stray dogs are more common , and fewer pets are regularly vaccinated against rabies .
an inadequate dietary intake can be suspected if the woman has gained less than 2 kg per month .
during first two months of suryamitra program , at least 3 visits to medium or large industry to know power transmission , distribution , loads , cabling etc . and one visit to 33 kv substations must be planned .
coughs , colds , sore throats and runny noses are common in the lives of children .
This will be Shri Narendra Modi’s first visit to the town , since assuming the office of Prime Minister .
obstructed labour
With the inauguration of both cancer hospitals , Varanasi is set to become an important centre for quality treatment and care in Cancer related ailments .
the degree of government process reengineering should be assessed and enhanced for the existing national e-governance plan .
Mr . Pierre Gattaz , President of MEDEF ( Mouvement des Entreprises de France ) called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
general eligibility
including safety and occupational health as an integral part of every operation .
final harvesting is done after 12 months of rearing .
management errors
after login , at the top right side of the webpage you will get “ bank  ” option .
organic and bio-fertilizers
caused by damage to small blood vessels in the kidneys leading to the kidneys becoming less efficient or to fail altogether .
discuss on nuclear radiation safety among children and family members , to reduce their fear of radiation .
to streamline adoption procedures for orphan , abandoned and surrendered children , the existing central adoption resource authority is given the status of a statutory body to enable it to perform its function more effectively .
refuses to eat
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government has laid stress on Policy Driven Governance and Predictable Transparent Policies .
strategies
non-polluting , entails no waste or production of toxic gases , environment friendly .
aging begins the moment a person is born .
post mortem report
( iii ) post graduate diploma courses in various branches of management & medicine .
kumar started spending on the household expenses and also used to pay the rent of the house where they lived .
PM said that Life gets easier , economically as well once a city is well connected .
iv . Increased awareness and acceptance of the Yoga & Naturopathy as promotive and preventive health-care systems .
select date of appointment
for example , a merchant application could create the link ( as per spec in previous section ) and then transmit using sound to the customer device .
citizens visit the nearest passport seva with prior appointment date/time , thus avoiding long queues and inconvenience .
why it is important  ?
The Joint Working Group on Urban Development is expected to meet once in a year , alternately in UK and in India .
in view of this , all antecedent verification requests on this portal will be forwarded to respective state police for further processing with a copy forwarded to the user .
disabled persons have the right to be placed under guardianship appointed by the ‘ local level committees ’ in accordance with the provisions of the act .
In this regard , Prime Minister urged the Police forces to make Police Stations more citizen friendly .
hazardous occupations
can opener .
protection of children from sexual offences e-box for children
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Second Protocol amending the Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement ( CECA ) between India and Singapore .
lay down guidelines to be followed by the different ministries or departments of the government of india for the purpose of integrating the measures for prevention of disaster or the mitigation of its effects in their development plans and projects  ;
inspite of this massive increase in the number of pregnant women coming to institutions for delivery ,
Later , the Prime Minister visited the construction site of the Statue of Unity , an iconic structure dedicated to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel , at Sadhu Bet , a short distance from the Sardar Sarovar Dam .
orientation session on using technology will be given to all selected students
He said that six lakh crore rupees have been transferred directly to beneficiaries .
rs . 2000 or actual cost whichever is less .
it is critical to educate adolescent boys , young men and men on their responsibility regarding condom use .
On 14 November , I will have the honour to be the first Head of Government to deliver the Keynote Address at the Singapore Fintech Festival .
for accelerating the reduction of preventable newborn deaths and stillbirths in the country - with the goal of attaining ‘ single digit neo-natal mortality rate by 2030 ’ and ‘ single digit still birth rate by 2030 ’ .
PM complimented the role of the residents of Kashi in making PBD successful with their warmth and hospitality .
promotion of maternal nutrition
services under integrated child development scheme
the child needs immediate treatment from a trained health worker , who can also provide a referral to a health facility .
energy is the ability to do work .
floods are a recurrent phenomenon , which cause huge loss of lives and damage to livelihood systems , property , infrastructure and public utilities .
textile products sector / activity -
with a view to accelerate development of hydrogen energy sector in india , a national hydrogen energy road map was prepared and adopted by the national hydrogen energy board in january , 2006 for implementation .
apply oil and grease to pump set regularly as recommended by the manufacture .
Special train for pilgrims :
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has hailed India’s historic jump of 30 ranks in the World Bank’s Doing Business Report , 2018 released today .
The Prime Minister asserted that the youth of India respects Sardar Patel , and his contribution towards the building of our nation .
· 4th BRICS Ministers of Communications Meeting ( Durban )
they are known as typhoons in the china sea and pacific ocean  ;
Upon completion , the project will have a significant and direct beneficial impact in terms of reduction of pollution load in the two rivers and improvement in their water quality .
rural areas
vanbandhu kalyan yojana
Have we done enough to ensure that children in India are sufficiently exposed to science ?
higher productivity
· First Meeting of the BRICS Trade Promotion Working Group – 10 May ( East London )
before puberty , boys and girls are affected equally by migraine headaches , but after puberty , more women than men are affected .
electrical appliances
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Kauhar , Amethi in Uttar Pradesh today .
The Prime Minister asserted that with the digital revolution , media would play a key role in strengthening the country .
the total assistance available for construction of an individual toilet is rs 4000/- from the central government and an amount of rs 1333/- at least from the state government .
physical infrastructure
first aid kit
through this system , authorised individuals ( 'introducers ' ) who already have an aadhaar , can introduce residents who do n't have any identification documents , enabling them to receive their aadhaar .
for adult bonded labour who do not come under any of the above categories , employable skill development training shall be a compulsory element of rehabilitation
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given approval to accede to the Protocol under World Health Organization ( WHO ) Framework Convention on tobacco control to eliminate illicit trade in tobacco products .
backdoor  : is a method of bypassing normal authentication procedures .
coal or gas are not sustainable or renewable  : once they are gone , there is none left .
It provides for exchange of expertise and networking of information .
controlling the headache symptom will need to occur at the same time that diagnostic tests are being considered to diagnose the underlying disease .
citizens can either request a person verification using the central digital police portal or through their state citizen portal
The Prime Minister also said that Yoga can help in improving concentration .
kala-azar elimination by 2015 , 1 case per 10000 population in all blocks
choosing nuts , a piece of fresh fruit or sugar-free yoghurt for a snack .
avoid close contact with people who have colds or other upper respiratory infections .
you should remain in the shelter until informed that you can return to your home .
in view of this , all complaints on the central digital police portal will be forwarded to respective state police for further processing with a copy forwarded to the complainant .
My dear countrymen , especially my young friends , we have been getting glad tidings from the field of sports .
shelter
piped natural gas distributorship located in ‘ urban area will service the piped natural gas customers located within the municipal limits of the metro city/city/town and will be called sheheri vitrak .
pre-diabetes is a condition in which the patients have high blood glucose level but were not in the diabetes range .
Last month , on the occasion of Ambedkar Jayanti , the Prime Minister had inaugurated the first ‘Health and Wellness Centre’ under Ayushman Bharat , in the aspirational district of Bijapur in Chhattisgarh .
there is no effective treatment and once symptoms start , death is inevitable .
preterm labour ( labour starting before 8 gestational months )
a child 's life is in danger if she or he has several watery stools within an hour or if there is blood in the stool .
digilocker offers a dedicated personal storage space , linked to each resident ’ s aadhaar number .
the mission seeks to address the housing requirement of urban poor including slum dwellers .
the cheque has been dishonoured .
It was observed that institution of new complaints have in turn fallen to single digits .
% level of litter free around public places
the main causes of maternal mortality may be divided into 3 categories
pran and rohu
the government of lndia has ratified the convention c029 on 30tn november 1954 which inter alia defines forced labour as `` all work or service which is exacted from any person under the menace of penalty and for which the said person has not offered himself voluntarily '' .
identify and address the danger signs in a timely manner
in slated floor , which is costly to construct , the floor space requirement is less ( dunging area may not required ) .
Prime Minister conveyed that he looked forward to continue to work closely with the President and the Prime of Sri Lanka to further strengthen and expand bilateral cooperation .
PM inaugurated the Phulpur to Patna stretch of the Jagdishpur-Varanasi Natural Gas pipeline on this occasion .
steps you can take  :
now , for the gold deposited under medium and long term government deposits , the redemption of principal at maturity shall , at the option of the depositor , be either in indian rupee equivalent of the value of deposited gold at the time of redemption or in gold .
if the person has been convicted more than once , the jail time can increase to seven years and the fine of up to rupees ten lakh can be imposed .
annual lighting emission reduction of 140 kg is equivalent to 14 additional trees
building innovation centres at national institutes
submit 2nd appeal application
MoU on Postal Cooperation .
if it is not found in the list then proceed for registration by selecting “ register school/college  ” available .
The areas of cooperation under this Memorandum of Cooperation shall include :
every woman has the right to quality health care , especially a pregnant woman or a new mother .
training would include soft skills , personal grooming , behavioral change for cleanliness , good work ethics .
simple sugars  :
this scheme is applicable for eminent senior citizens and institutes involved in rendering distinguished services for the cause of elderly persons .
The job opportunities will be enhanced through the Mission by imparting advanced skills and generating skilled manpower as per the requirement of the industry/ society .
eligibility
service certificate to be issued by the core banking in case of serving personnel in the prescribed format
“Great rowing by our team .
it is due to its ability to power fuel cells in zero-emission electric vehicles , its potential for domestic production , and the fuel cell 's potential for high efficiency .
search for information ,
advantages of the revised kisan credit card scheme to the farmers
basic tips for illness/injury
The total fund requirement for the Gaganyaan Programme is within Rs .10 ,000 crore and includes cost of technology development , flight hardware realization and essential infrastructure elements .
place sheets of aluminium foil between furniture wet carpet .
take pictures of the damage , both of the building and its contents , for insurance claims .
The Agreement was exchanged on 12th September , 2017 at New Delhi during the visit of Belarus President H .E . Mr . Alexander Lukashenko .
that is precisely why people can vote or get a driving license or enter into legal contracts only when they attain the age of 18 years .
aadhaar + biometric
may be having a stroke .
national cyclone risk mitigation project
high , multi-storied , reinforced concrete hotels are located in many low-lying coastal areas .
accessible through a common code * 99 # across all telecom service providers
courses other than technical and professional courses at under-graduate and post graduate level
dairy development and processing
here the samples drawn from the source and final seed produced are grown side by side along with the standard samples of the variety in question .
PM served the 3rd billionth meal to underprivileged children from schools .
Adding up the green footprints , the train has regenerative braking system in the Vande Bharat Express coaches which can save up to 30% of electrical energy .
each active and healthy piglet may consume about 10 kg feed before reaching the age of 8 weeks and two - third of this consumed between 6 - 8 weeks .
The Prime Minister also said that expectations are essential .
treatment - recovery is slow for both respiratory and synovitis forms .
voluntary coverage  :
maternal antibodies will neutralize vaccine virus when administered on the first day .
The MoUs facilitate exchange of technical experts , reports and technical documents , training and seminars/workshops focusing on specific technology areas and other interactions for knowledge sharing .
Cultural Exchange Programme for the period 2018 – 2022 .
children
do not give any pre-lacteal feeds
such training will include minimum of three hours a day for practice alone apart from the time spent for acquiring knowledge of the theory of the subject/field concerned and also an appreciation of the related disciplines .
I’m grateful to the government of Myanmar for this .
the information technology secretariat , headed by a secretary , is responsible for providing secretarial support and continuity .
`` central government '' means the ministry or department of the government of india having administrative control of disaster management  ;
later for optimum use of resources , sustainable outcomes and integrated planning were consolidates as the watershed development component of prime minister krishi sinchayee yojna .
passing certificate/mark sheet of previous academic year
this scheme is open only to regular teachers .
“Pained by the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Maharashtra’s Raigad district .
Speaking about the productivity of Lok Sabha , PM stated that total 8 out of 17 sessions saw a 100 percent performance while the overall productivity has been 85% .
generally , the mother does not feel any pain in her breast when breastfeeding .
As I arrived in Aizawl a short while ago , I was thrilled to witness once again , the enchanting beauty of Mizoram : the “Land of the Hill People . ”
compulsory coverage
modern electrical equipment , including kettles , hospitals and irons
PM dedicated Jalgaon-Udhana Doubling and electrification Rail Project to the nation .
the third observation is that composted material emits earthy odour .
discharge certificate/book ( mandatory for category a to f )
parents and caregivers should wash their hands with soap and water at these critical moments  :
workload , rest and sleep
The Prime Minister said that in the last four years , a new direction has been given to public healthcare in India .
the places they live vary from plains , forests , hills , inaccessible areas etc . particularly vulnerable tribal groups are scattered in different geographical areas of the country .
U Win Khaing Moe , Director General , Department of Research and Innovation
the system will instruct the applicant to submit his/her temporary esign and date of birth to fill subsequent details .
breast milk is a baby 's 'first immunization ' .
in the aftermath of the cancellation of the legal tender character of old rs .500 and rs .1 ,000 notes , there has been a surge in the digital transactions through use of credit/debit cards and mobile phone applications/e-wallets etc .
sericulture
the project is a centre-state collaborative project , with the states contributing free rights of way for establishing the optical fibre network .
it is also reiterated that as per instructions no . 1916 , gold jewellery to the extent of 500 gold monetisation scheme per married lady , 250 gold monetisation scheme per unmarried lady and 100 gold monetisation scheme per male member of the family , need not be seized by tax authorities .
similarly , in the indian succession act , 1925 which applies in the case of intestate and testamentary succession , there is no provision which deprives the disabled from inheriting an ancestral property .
diarrhoea and respiratory infections , such as pneumonia , can be deadly in babies and young children .
sub-limits to cover short term , medium term as well as term credit are fixed at the discretion of banks .
how to reduce weight  ?
users can feed aadhaar number for attaching it with election photo identity card data
man ( body weight = 60 )
physical infrastructure
keeping everything running requires coordination as well as large amounts of fuel and oxygen .
In a series of tweets from his twitter handle the Prime Minister said that the Marshal of the IAF Arjan Singh’s determined focus on capacity building in the IAF added great strength to our defence capabilities .
cyclones of severe intensity and frequency in the north indian ocean are bi-modal in character , with their primary peak in november and secondary peak in may .
finally it will ensure that each of the 4 crore or more employees provident fund account holders have direct access to their employees provident fund accounts and will also enable them to consolidate all their previous accounts ( approximately rs 27000 crore are currently lying with employees provident fund in inoperative accounts ) .
From Brisbane to Hannover to Ashgabat , the Prime Ministerhasunveiled busts or statues of Bapu , creating a lasting awareness about the Mahatma , overseas .
to rehabilitate them economically and emotionally
not demolish or convert insanitary latrines within a certain period of this act coming into force .
influence of the sea bed
national geo-spatial information system
in affected chickens greater than 3 weeks of age , there is usually a rapid onset of the disease with a sudden drop in feed and water consumption , watery droppings leading to soiling of feathers around the vent , and vent pecking .
these stressors can cause the muscles surrounding the skull to clench the teeth and go into spasm .
The Prime Minister mentioned Sikkim’s progress in organic farming .
annual lighting emission reduction of 75-189 kg is equivalent to 7-19 additional trees
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Manipur on their Statehood Day .
provided that the natural or legal guardian of the girl child shall be allowed to open third account in the event of birth of twin girls as second birth or if the first birth itself results into three girl children , on production of a certificate to this effect from the competent medic al authorities where the birth of such twin or triple girl children takes place .
keep login credential secure  :
apply for jobs , set job preferences
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Amendment of the Jallianwala Bagh National Memorial Act , 1951 .
potential applications
babies need lots of care and affection in the early years .
From tiny tots to Grandfather-Grandmother , when we all play these games together then the term ‘Generation Gap’ disappears on its own .
In the afternoon , the Prime Minister will flag off a train between Maduadih Railway Station in Varanasi , and Patna .
volunteerism is a major initiative by emergency management and research institute to ensure that no emergencies go unreported and unattended .
newcastle disease is characterized by a sudden onset of clinical signs which include hoarse chirps ( in chicks ) , watery discharge from nostrils , laboured breathing ( gasping ) , facial swelling , paralysis , trembling , and twisting of the neck ( sign of central nervous system involvement ) .
undersized pipes
The Prime Minister said that the new circulation coins with various differentiating features , will greatly aid the visually impaired .
reduce annual fuel costs by rs 632
4 . Project will be covered under the legal framework of Central Metro Acts , Metro Railways ( Construction of Works ) Act , 1978 and the Metro Railways ( Operation and Maintenance ) Act , 2002 , as amended from time to time .
participants
action  : to remove or delete a document from the digital locker .
I would like to conclude here with Korean expression :
according to ( section 354a indian penal code ) , sexual harassment is the  :
Speaking on achievements in the space sector , the Prime Minister mentioned the success of Cartosat 2 and other satellites .
during this time do not go out  ; because immediately after that , very strong winds will blow from the opposite direction .
watershed management programmes
coal , oil and natural gas are the non-renewable sources of energy .
aadhaar seeding process
Minister of Social Justice and Empowerment .
to facilitate access to justice for women affected by violence , legal aid and counselling would be provided at one stop centre scheme through empanelled lawyers or national/ state/district legal service authority .
( TCL )] was disinvested on 13th February 2002 by Govt . of India and management control of the company was passed on to the Strategic Partner , namely , M/s Panatone Finvest Limited ( PFL ) , a special purpose vehicle under the Tata Groups of Companies .
Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore Tharman Shanmugaratnam , a voice of influence in the world of finance ,Mr . Ravi Menon , Managing Director of Monetary Authority of Singapore , a leading institution in fintech ,Tens of thousands of participants from over one hundred countries ,
Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) of the Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region ; Minister of State in the Prime Minister’s Office ; Minister of State in the Ministry of Personnel , Public Grievances and Pensions ; Minister of State in the Department of Atomic Energy ; and Minister of State in the Department of Space .
The PM took a round through the memorial .
“Birthday greetings to our beloved Atal Ji .
the parts of the body showing early symptoms of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis depend on which muscles in the body are affected .
( 1 ) sensitive to adolescents
even when using server authentication , it may require tremendous skill to detect that the website is fake .
encourage banana eating , which provides potassium .
This is the ninth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video conference with the beneficiaries of various Government schemes .
you may not be bothered about these issues today because you may feel that they are very distant from you and that they do not have an impact on your cyber activities .
in order to translate this vision into policy and plans , the central ministries has adopted a mission-mode approach involving a number of initiatives with the help of various institutions operating at the national , state and local levels .
mobile number
recovered flocks continue to shed the virus .
replace drugs whenever they reach the expiry date .
cooked food should be eaten without delay or thoroughly reheated before eating .
“Strongly condemn the terror attack in New York City .
after the emergency needs of the child have been addressed , childline explores options with the child to study , learn a trade , go back home etc .
At a large public meeting , he inaugurated the Integrated Check Post at Moreh .
as the bacteria that live in the nose grow back , they may also be found in the mucus , which changes the mucus to a greenish color .
identify areas of rock fall and subsidence of buildings , cracks that indicate landslides and move to safer areas .
see that the victim has a pulse and good blood circulation as you check for signs of bleeding .
it is a sustainable resource , meaning it does n't run out , but can be maintained because the sun shines almost every day .
Today , in the twenty-eighth meeting , the Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine important infrastructure projects in the railway , road , and petroleum sectors .
physical inactivity .
He said that when his Government assumed office , the entire gamut of issues , and resources required was understood .
The Prime Minister noted the growing convergence between India and US , including in the areas of business and investment , and the strengthening of the strategic partnership between India and the US .
however , please remember that this does not mean that you can not get an abortion .
other antibiotics and drugs are only occasionally effective .
so that the beneficial microorganism present in the compost will not die .
ensure that any outbuildings , pastures , or corrals are protected in the same way as your home .
proactive approach to build placement partnerships
supervise the implementation of national health programmes at the hospital and other health institutions that may be placed under its administrative jurisdiction  ;
There will be no commission charged on the transactions in the KisanMandi either from sellers or buyers , FPOs will pay a small service charge for the use of facilities such as godowns , cold stores etc .
evaluation of the seeds for their genuineness to species or varieties or seed borne infection .
restrict users ' abilities ( permissions ) to install and run unwanted software applications .
view reports
the trainees are normally expected to attend 100 % theory and practical classes/workshop practices .
broadband highways
fulfil multiple dealership/distributorship norms .
He will attend the convocation of Visva Bharati University at Santi Niketan .
gently roll the person onto one side so any fluid in the mouth can safely come out .
if there is any possibility of a flash flood , move immediately to higher ground .
Talking about measures taken for the welfare of farmers by the Union Government , the Prime Minister also mentioned the recent increase in MSP for Kharif crops .
The Cabinet also approved that Minister of State ( Independent Charge ) , Ministry of DoNER would serve as Vice Chairman of the Council .
should be connected to the nearest major road by an all-weather road .
referral transport mechanism for high risk women  :
injuries to the head may cause bleeding in the spaces between the layers of tissue that surround the brain ( subdural , epidural and subarachnoid spaces ) or within the brain tissue itself .
in addition , any other norms prescribed by the state government need to be adhered to .
He will also meet with cyclone victims , including fishermen and farmer delegations .
for details of your closest designated location please see state website which has been in the table .
funds will be transferred electronically directly to the account of the beneficiary .
therefore , management of urban flooding has to be accorded top priority .
Training of scientific personnel ;
due to this factor , more developed and assertive tribal groups take a major chunk of the tribal development funds , because of which particularly vulnerable tribal groups need more funds directed for their development .
with increased focus on research and analytics , emergency management and research institute has plans to significantly enhance the overall emergency management scenario - further reducing individual suffering .
enable one time password for all online transactions , and subscribe to mobile and email alerts for notification of transactions .
The ultra-modern Nirali Cancer Hospital will be the first comprehensive cancer hospital of Navsari .
bank passbook with photograph
through the portal , public can access the following services .
Akshaya Patra serves as an implementing partner of Mid-Day Meal Scheme .
objectives
The Prime Minister said that the Government looks forward to making India a ten trillion dollar economy , lead the global drive towards renewable sources of energy , and make India a world leader in electric vehicles and energy storage devices .
the situation is different if the two are separated .
He said the Government has worked towards a developed and inclusive India , in the last four years .
in case supporting documents are not available , proper certification regarding birth and marriage from authorized sources is necessary to claim the award .
watch for these signs and symptoms if think someone else may be having a stroke .
Agreements/MoUs/Joint Declaration of Intent
do not stay outside/or go outside .
grounds of complaint
I , once again , warmly welcome the President .
Similarly , in USA , Federal Insurance Office ( FIO ) is vested with the authority to monitor all aspects of the insurance sector and to represent the USA on prudential aspects of international insurance .
don ’ t get caught by phishers -
if the female is in heat she will remain stand still when pressure i s applied on the loin region with the palms of both hands ( standing reflex ) .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Dr . Syama Prasad Mookerjee on his birth anniversary today .
Dina Thanthi means “daily telegram ” .
using sanitary toilets , not defecating outside .
substance use
The Pan Africa E-Network links 48 African countries to India , and to one another .
He said that towards this end , the partnerships with Sweden and the other Nordic countries are very important .
to redefine national e-governance plan with transformational and outcome-oriented e-governance initiatives
The President of India has appointed Justice Ranjan Gogoi as the next Chief Justice of India .
· 3rd Meeting of BRICS Industry Ministers – 4 July ( Gauteng )
And I thank Prime Minister Netanyahu for his continuous support in fast-tracking India-Israel trade and economic collaboration .
aadhaar information will be accessible to public and private agencies
admission can be sought for by the relatives of the mentally ill person on behalf of the latter .
The Prime Minister visited the state-of-the-art Gandhi Smriti Library at LBSNAA .
epilepsy  : surgery helps lead normal life
in case the application is sent through the assistant public information officer or it is sent to a wrong public authority , five days shall be added to the period of thirty days or 48 hours , as the case may be .
causes
these are quite highly ambitious targets given the background that the manufacturing sector in india , which accounts for fourth-fifth of the total output , grew a meagre 3 .3 per cent in january 2010 .
raw or leftover cooked food can be dangerous .
when is a cheque “ dishonoured  ”  ?
the major focus of agriculture sector of vikaspedia portal is pertaining to the following areas .
3 . Estimated cost of the project is Rs . 8 ,379 .62Cr . and project will be completed in 5 years
to prepare for a flood , you should
if a child with a malarial fever is not treated within a day , she or he might die .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for setting up of Indian Institute of Petroleum and Energy ( IIPE ) at Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh as “an Institute of National Importance ” through an Act of Parliament .
we not only respond to the emergency needs of children but also link them to services for their long-term care and rehabilitation .
if there is no toilet or latrine , adults and children should defecate away from houses , paths , water supplies and places where children play .
aspergillosis occurs as an acute disease of young birds and a chronic disease in mature birds .
the above benefits would be additionality to other land and housing elements , etc . of the original scheme as mentioned below  :
provision of low cost dwelling units
The Prime Minister said Manipur has also been a front-runner in the field of women empowerment .
in case of any minor mismatch in aadhaar name provided by taxpayer when compared to the actual data in aadhaar , one time password ( aadhaar ) will be sent to the mobile registered with aadhaar .
MoU on Exemption from Visa requirement for holders of Diplomatic Passports .
placement organisations
severe headache with blurred vision
there may be signs of hyperactivity ( ‘ furious ’ rabies ) or paralysis ( ‘ dumb ’ rabies ) .
A competition between ministries ,
seed with good vigour is preferable for raising a good plantation as the fruits , the economic come out are to be realized after several years .
it increases self-awareness , so you 're less likely to succumb to emotional eating when you 're practicing meditation .
the service is available for the entire state of andhra pradesh , gujarat , uttarakhand , goa , tamil nadu , karnataka , assam , meghalaya , madhya pradesh , himachal pradesh , chhattisgarh , uttar pradesh , rajasthan , kerala and 2 union territories dadra & nagar haveli and daman & diu
the employees ' provident fund contribution for the new employee will be available for 3 years .
if the scholar fails to make satisfactory progress in the studies or is irregular in attendance or is guilty of misconduct during the academic year for which scholarship has been granted .
cyber harassment
the child may have tuberculosis , an infection in the lungs .
I am told , that the inauguration ceremony of Auroville in 1968 was attended by delegates of 124 nations .
As per a report on African counties .
under the earthquake action there may be broken or leaking gas lines , and under the tsunami flooded electrical circuits , or submerged furnaces or electrical appliances .
The Prime Minister said that the effect of increased use of renewable energy is now visible in India .
thrust areas of e-kranti outlined in digital india
He also inaugurated the Multi Modal Logistic Park at Balasore , and six Passport Sewa Kendras .
advantages and disadvantages of hydrogen fuel cells
initiatives for the north east
after six months  :
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that terrorism remains one of the gravest threats to global peace and security .
post matric scholarships to the students belonging to scheduled tribe
antacid ( for stomach upset )
for projects being executed on land belonging to private farmer/corporate sector the cost of the project would be shared in a 60 :40 ration between the farmer/corporate body .
25 % of the annual premium , as well as any additional premium .
this is likely to result in a more realistic estimate of employment in the organised sector .
the creation of appropriate skill would definitely set rural migrants and the urban poor on a track towards inclusive growth .
the words “ power  ” and “ energy  ” are often used interchangeably .
note that there can be 3rd party general purpose utility applications that allows users to scan these codes , launch the link , allow other innovative transfer protocols using sound , etc .
proactive electronic tracking of the portability request with escalation matrix and its closure is in place to ensure that a consumer does not have any difficulty in moving to the distributor of his choice .
a common form of hair loss happens two to three months after a major body stress , such as a prolonged illness , major surgery or serious infection .
if you must prepare to evacuate , you should
otherwise they can be punished under this law .
the portal provides information on these topics of importance .
some mobile network operators send an e-wallets to alert their customers of a sim swap , the affected customer can act and stop this fraud in its tracks by contacting the mobile operator immediately .
Integrated Refinery Expansion Complex will be a modern expansion complex and transform Kochi refinery into the largest PSU Refinery in India with world class standards .
Shri Narendra Modi announced the launch of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Abhiyaan on 25th September this year – the anniversary of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay .
The Prime Minister reiterated that by 2022 , every single family in the country will have a house .
dull eyes
go to the highest roof you can find , stand on the edge for some time .
job-seekers also have access to industry trends in a user-friendly way .
keep the casualty at a reasonable temperature .
government recognized educational institutions , charitable hospitals / nursing homes , and recognized youth organizations such as nehru yuvak kendra sanghathan .
In this context , he mentioned the Van Dhan Yojana , and other decisions taken for the benefit of the tribal communities .
chief electoral officer at the state level
among all the excreta from livestock , the amount of excreta of cattle is the greatest and most stable .
The Agreement is proposed to be signed during the upcoming visit of Indian Delegation , led by Home Minister , to Russia from 27-29 November , 2017 .
prevention of infection
in funding projects , priority is given to project implementing agencies offering
Union Minister Shri Nitin Gadkari and CM of Maharashtra Shri Devendra Fadnavis was also present on the occasion .
Prime Minister congratulated Ms . Espinosa on her election to the post of President of the 73rd UN General Assembly .
take a first aid and cardio-pulmonary resuscitation training .
directly affected areas – where direct mining-related operations such as excavation , mining , blasting , beneficiation and waste disposal ( overburdened dumps , tailing ponds , transport corridors etc . ) , etc . are located .
there will be phase wise distribution .
My Ministerial colleagues
however , it is safe to immunize a child who has a minor illness .
eligible beneficiaries
Various beneficiaries also described how Common Service Centre ( CSC ) has brought employment opportunities and the various services it provides has resulted in ease of living .
it also creates a special bond between mother and child .
if water pipes are damaged , contact the water company and avoid using water from the tap .
it is better to have an elevated place for composting .
Keeping in line with the Government’s vision of providing drinking water to all , PM will lay the Foundation Stone of Piped Water Scheme for the rural areas of Bundelkhand Region .
the act states that unless otherwise agreed , an acceptance of contract may be expressed by electronic means of communication and the same shall have legal validity and enforceability .
drop to the ground  ; take cover by getting under a sturdy table or other piece of furniture  ; and hold on until the shaking stops .
classifications
in case of any errors , the packet goes on hold .
the pension payment shall be through monthly or quarterly only .
read and tell stories
due cognizance has been taken of the notion that to speed up e-governance implementation across the various arms of government at national , state , and local levels , a programme approach needs to be adopted , guided by common vision and strategy .
only in the case where both the parents ( or husband in the case of married but unemployed girl student ) have died , the income of the guardian who is supporting the student in his/her studies has to be taken .
in the body these elements are present in the form of ngepa-sum ( skt  : tri-dosa ) lus-sung-dun ( skt  : sapta dhatu ) and dri-ma-sum ( skt  : trimala ) .
steps-3 specify the name of the candidate , state , district and constituency for which the candidate is nominating .
an ad-hoc grants of rs .500/- per student per annum to all students i .e . hostlers as well as day scholars will also be given .
contribution by government of india  :
the portal provides information related to dietary guidelines , foods and their nutritional values , nutrition concepts and tips and much more .
if it is difficult to immerse the injury ( on the face , for instance ) , soak a clean tea-cloth or any other clean soft material in cold water and apply it to the injury as a compress .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the soldiers who fought 1971 War , on the occasion of Vijay Diwas .
a shortage of estrogen occurs in the following conditions , affecting bone mass and could lead to osteoporosis  :
each scholar is required to furnish separate mobile number .
turn off the gas using the outside main valve if you can , and call the gas company from a neighbour ’ s home .
marketing support & post-harvest management and
applications of hydrogen as an energy source in india
do not delay and run the risk of being marooned
electronic vaccine intelligence network project of health ministry
collects profiling information such as caste , religion , and language
Prime Minister Modi and Queen Maxima discussed the various initiatives taken in the last few years by the Government of India for enhancing financial inclusion in India , such as Jan Dhan Yojana , Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana , Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana , and Atal Pension Yojana .
Through technological interventions , the welfare of farmers is being ensured , the Prime Minister said , adding that measures like Soil Health Cards and Fasal Bima Yojana are benefiting the farmers immensely .
in order to augment the incubation and government efforts in the country , the government will set up/ scale up 31 centres ( to provide facilities for over 1 ,200 new startups ) of innovation and entrepreneurship at national institutes
maintenance allowance
improve the overall quality of state institutions by ensuring conformity to prescribed norms and standards and adopt accreditation as a mandatory quality assurance framework .
46 . Prime Minister expressed his thanks to the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques and to His Royal Highness for ordering the release of 850 Indian prisoners from Saudi jails .
PM Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings to people of Maharashtra on their statehood day .
We estimate the investment requirements in Infrastructure at over 700 billion Dollars by 2022 .
package for promotion of digital and cashless economy
age proof
the scheme would be implemented over three years , namely , the fy 2016-17 , 2017-18 and 2018-19 across the country .
There is competition as to which state will attract more investment .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi interacted with the young professionals in a town hall programme at the New India Youth Conclave in Surat .
27 . The two sides also agreed to cooperate in the areas of space , science and technology , including remote sensing , satellite communication and satellite-based navigation .
cardiovascular disease  :
the information seeker is not required to give reasons for seeking information .
fodder for livestock in scarcity-hit areas
for women with no risk factor detected
floor space required for different categories of animals  :
also it could serve as a possible substitute to liquid and fossil fuels .
rabies frequently asked questions
dung and agricultural waste into compost , bio-gas , and bio-CNG .This will raise incomes ,and reduce expenditure on gas .
fever
how to get a new indane connection
He said the State is making appropriate policies for various sectors .
sleeping under an insecticide-treated mosquito net is the best way to prevent mosquito bites .
suitable for individual , business and government
the exposed parts of the body may be protected by the use of veils , gloves and boots or by the application of repellents , such as herbal anti mosquito creams , neem oil , mustard oil , oil of java citronella and eucalyptus oil , etc .
keeping in view the size attained , prevailing market rate and demand of fish in the local market , partial harvesting of fish is done .
During the visit , he will lay the foundation stone of Medical College in Sayli , Dadra & Nagar Haveli .
bonds can be used as collateral for loans .
upflow anaerobic sludge blanket
policies and schemes
the new training programme would enable the youths to get jobs in demand-oriented markets like spain , japan , russia , france , china , and west asia .
latex gloves ( 2 pair )
the pradhan mantri khanij kshetra kalyan yojana will be implemented by the district mineral foundations of the respective districts using the funds accruing to the district mineral foundations .
14102  : manufacture of rain coats of waterproof textile fabrics or plastic sheetings
have passed minimum xth standard examination or equivalent from a recognised board .
by comparison it can be determined whether the varietal purity and health of the produced seed are equal to the results based on field inspection .
in case an establishment eligible for a scheme has a drop/fall in employment from the reference base , the establishment will not be eligible for the scheme in the months where employment is below this reference base .
In this context , the Prime Minister also spoke of initiatives in air connectivity and water connectivity .
scope
Around 170 military and industrial facilities have been set up in India with assistance from our country .
check for damage to sewage and water lines .
have had a previous difficult birth or caesarean birth
seizures
scan all emails , attachments , and downloads both on the host and at the mail gateway with a reputable antivirus solution .
spend time with your child , and talk and listen to her or him
participants/ vendors shall ensure that all applicable taxes are paid and relevant laws/rules and regulations followed .
if baby develops fever or feels cold to the touch
The discussions are being moderated by Home Minister , Shri Rajnath Singh .
Towards this end , the Prime Minister’s interaction will bring together various stakeholders involved in the mission .
the virus is present in the yolk and egg white of eggs from infected hens .
this should necessarily include the list of beneficiaries , item-wise budgets and expenditure .
To commemorate Mahatma Gandhi’s vision , the Mahatma Gandhi International Sanitation Convention ( MGISC ) was held in New Delhi from 29 September to 2 October , 2018 .
check the status of complaint click here
Addressing the gathering , Prime Minister said that Noidahas been completely transformed .
It could also facilitate India’s export of pharmaceutical products .
it is significant to note that under the rural development ministry , government has undertaken another new initiative for skill development programme named deen dayal upadhyaya grameen kaushalya yojana - skill development for inclusive growth
severe pain in the chest , or shortness of breath .
applications for scholarships from such students can be considered even after lapse of last date of receipt of applications , on compassionate grounds .
the village should have adequate and attractive building for its anganwadi , school , health centre , panchayat , and community hall .
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has has given its ex-post-facto for the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between the India and Swaziland on cooperation in the field of Health and Medicine .
rain water harvesting ,
some examples of these include in-app payments–where the merchant app , may send the request to the app on the same device , instead of a collect request via the network .
Addressing Panchayati Raj representatives across the country , from Mandla , the Prime Minister recalled Mahatma Gandhi’s call for Gramoday to Rashtroday , and Gram Swaraj .
Welcome to India .
PM will inaugurate Dilshad Garden – Shaheed Sthal ( New Bus Adda ) Section of Metro .
may salivate excessively or foam at the mouth
post harvest technologies
the person could have been employed by any one - say , someone from their village or by an agency or contractor .
broadband connectivity and common service centres
Then , from Balbeer Singh Senior , Leslie Claudius , Mohammad Shahid , Udham Singh to Dhan Raj Pillai , Indian Hockey has had a very long journey .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List till November , 2018 .
in line with the scheme objectives , the scheme is applicable to any candidate of indian nationality who  :
phase ii ( april 2017 - march 2019 ) to cover additional 200 cities
I want to tell you something about the ‘Naavika Saagar Parikrama’ .
develop a quality culture
use homemade drinks like lassi , torani ( rice water ) , lemon water , buttermilk , etc . which help to re - hydrate the body .
soil sample collection and testing ( 21 samples/year/cluster ) @ rs . 190 per sample for three years
the banking ombudsman is a senior official appointed by the reserve bank of india to redress customer complaints against deficiency in certain banking services .
birds show symptoms of lameness and breast blisters , as well as painful movement .
programmes to build and strengthen intergenerational relationships particularly between children / youth and older persons  ;
other useful tips
such students whose parent 's income is affected due to unfortunate death of one of earning parents and resultantly comes within the income ceiling prescribed under the scheme , shall become eligible for scholarship , subject to their fulfilling other conditions of eligibility , from the month in which such sad incidence taken place .
So many members spoke in the debate in the Parliament .
The Prime Minister will issue a Postage Stamp and Special Cover on the occasion .
if you do not have wooden boards handy , paste paper strips on glasses to prevent splinters .
He also mentioned the Gallantry Awards Portal launched on 15 August , 2017 .
it is one of the most common locations of pain in the body and has many causes .
direct that the woman shall not be evicted or excluded from the household or any part of it .
promote the culture of disaster risk prevention and mitigation at all levels
Even when I was the Chief Minister of the state of Gujarat , I traveled to Korea .
the organization shall not run for profit to any individual or a body of individuals  ;
old versions of software can sometimes have security problems that criminals can use to easily get to your data .
These projects are spread over several states including Uttar Pradesh , Jammu and Kashmir , Haryana , Gujarat , Maharashtra , Karnataka , Jharkhand , Odisha , and West Bengal .
The scheme was formally launched on 28th August , 2014 at National level by the Prime Minister .
Due to re­organization/creation of new districts and changes in population of Scheduled Tribes as per 2011 Census , the Government of Rajasthan has requested for extension of Scheduled Areas in the State of Rajasthan .
indore method
plaster is then removed , material moistened with water , given a turning and made into a rectangular heap under a shade .
job seekers
breastfeeding helps to protect babies from pneumonia and other illnesses .
reservation for persons with disabilities in group ' a ' or group ' b ' posts shall be computed on the basis of total number of vacancies occurring in direct recruitment quota in all the group ' a ' posts or group ' b ' posts respectively , in the cadre .
user gets successful or failure message
application form can be downloaded from india development gateway portal ( file )
process to submit complaint application to bank
inculcating hygienic behaviour and practices
if a flood is likely to hit your area , you should
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has expressed his grief on the loss of lives due to unseasonal rains and storms in various parts of Gujarat .
where soap is not available , ash and water can be used .
everyone should know what to do in a tsunami situation .
telecom connectivity
it is recommended that a mother continue to breastfeed her child up to two years and beyond – as long as she and the child wish to continue .
malaria is transmitted through the bites of some mosquitoes .
This is one of the oldest and most significant comprehensive cancer care centers in India .
ranikhet disease vaccine ( living r2b strain or mukteswar strain )
Department of Investment and Public Asset Management has been authorized under the provisions of sub-section 7 of section 8A of the Enemy Property Act , 1968 , to sell the same .
stateswill have flexibility in terms of determining the size of house and other facilities at the state level in consultation with the ministry but without any enhanced financial assistance from centre .
Price rise and Congress are a team .
The expedition , which has been inspired by the Union Government’s “Namami Gange ” campaign , has been named “Mission Gange . ”
relationship between two persons who live or have at any point of time lived together in a shared household
A draft notification was issued in April , 2018 for inviting comments from public at large .
decreased mobility
the scheme is being implemented currently in 13 states across 460 districts partnering currently with 82 deen dayal upadhyaya covering 18 sectors .
how it works  ?
counseling for pregnant women
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has approved the revision in the salaries , gratuity , allowances , pension etc . of the Judges of the Supreme Court and the High Courts and retired Judges of Supreme Court and High Courts .
He welcomed the successful completion of the elections , which marked consolidation of democracy and strengthening of democratic institutions in the Maldives .
Prime Minister Netanyahu and I agreed on the need to do more in this direction .
These campaigns will last till Jan 27th .
pain , swelling , redness , and/or discharge at the site of an incision ( if a woman had an episiotomy or a caesarean section )
disasters have not only challenged the government and other stakeholders in providing access to education but also endangered the lives of children and those engaged in the pursuit of education .
Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , has wished former Prime Minister , Dr . Manmohan Singh , on his birthday .
help people who require special assistance— infants , elderly people , those without transportation , large families who may need additional help in an emergency situation , people with disabilities , and the people who care for them .
in urgency only , use mobiles for internet and do not download any files from internet from unknown sources
there will be no harm to the human body if the environmental temperature remains at 37o c .
Pradhan Mantri Jan ArogyaAbhiyan will be launched on 25th September , 2018 as a result from now on , common man need not suffer from problems of dreaded diseases .
if central public information officer asking you to pay an amount of fee which you considers unreasonable ,
paramparagat krishi vikas yojana
The MoUs provide a platform for Indian Railways to interact and share the latest developments and knowledge in the railway sector .
however , this may not avoid breaking windows .
solid and liquid waste management in rural areas
being kept close to the mother and breastfed on demand provide the infant with a sense of emotional security .
each of the 250 ,000 gram panchayats would be expected to register an average of 200-300 candidates .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the Note submitted by the Department of Commerce and approved the approach to be adopted by India at the Eleventh Ministerial Conference of the WTO held in Buenos Aires , Argentina in December 2017 .
Prime Minister , I am happy to tell you that in India , we are well on our way to doing just that .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , has given its approval for implementation of umbrella scheme of “Modernisation of Police Forces ( MPF ) ” for years 2017-18 to 2019-20 .
both the competitions are conducted in 15 trades i .e . fitter , turner , machinist , welder , mechanic ( motor vehicle ) , mechanic ( diesel ) , instrument mechanic , draughtsman ( mechanical ) , draughtsman ( civil ) , electrician , electronic mechanic , cutting & sewing , foundry man , computer operator & programming assistant , and refrigeration & air conditioning mechanic .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has saluted the brave CRPF personnel who were martyred in the attack in Sukma , Chhattisgarh .
Argentina has strongly supported India’s membership in the Missile Technology Control Regime , Wassenaar Arrangement , Australia Group and the Nuclear Suppliers Group .
The PM added , “The Government is constantly working to create a conducive environment for business in the country .
Singapore entities have become major partners with India in areas like urban development , planning , smart cities and infrastructure development .
man-in the middle attack
Expressing happiness in interacting with people who fought adversities and emerged much stronger , Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said that Social security schemes empower people .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved amendments in the Model Concession Agreement ( MCA ) to make the Port Projects more investor-friendly and make investment climate in the Port Sector more attractive .
washing a child 's body regularly is also important to avoid skin infections .
In this context he mentioned the International Solar Alliance .
Subsidy is provided on LPG cylinders in our country .
The Prime Minister also inaugurated 12 Post Office Passport Seva Kendras in the state .
The Prime Minister expressed hope that the new building would help in better coordination and integration in the working of CIC .
immediately before the cyclone season
manufacturing sector is reservoir of this success .
for second and subsequent failures in any class the student shall bear his/her own expenses until he/she secures promotion to the next higher class .
Entrepreneurs and innovators also explained their innovations to Prime Minister ranging from agricultural innovations to Block chain technology .
continue to encourage the child to eat , giving the child as much time as she or he needs
Functions of the Authority : The Authority shall regulate all such financial services , financial products and FIs in an IFSC which has already been permitted by the Financial Sector Regulators for IFSCs .
The approval seeks to ensure that the doctors belonging to Central Health Service ( CHS ) and of other Ministries / Departments / entities of the Central Government , after attaining the age of 62 years , work exclusively in their respective fields of clinical expertise .
always remember your pin , please do not write it anywhere or pass it to anyone .
stage of payment
the themes underpinning the policy are  :
the cattle shed can be constructed on the widen embankment of fish pond itself , so the waste and washing are directly drained in to the fish pond .
prevention - pullorum outbreaks are handled , on an eradication basis .
the entire process will centre-stage the community and will be provided momentum and sustenance through the collective efforts of all government agencies and non-governmental organizations ’ .
in that case , move to the nearest safe place . use a doorway for shelter only if it is in close proximity to you and if you know it is a strongly supported , load bearing doorway .
or call 108 and 102 for ambulance
listen to and answer all the child 's questions
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for entering into Headquarters ( Host country ) Agreement between India and the International Solar Alliance ( ISA ) and authorizing the Ministry of External Affairs for signing the Headquarter Agreement .
the national maternity benefit scheme provides for financial assistance of rs . 500/- per birth up to two live births to the pregnant women who have attained 19 years of age and belong to the below poverty line households .
Free and fearless in their choices .
He will inaugurate the 106th edition of Indian Science Congress ( ISC )-2019 on January 3 in Jalandhar , Punjab .
this presents a historic opportunity for india to transform its demographic surplus into a demographic dividend .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to bus accident in Mandya , Karnataka .
in case patient 's mobile number is not registered with unique identification authority of india then patient 's name as in aadhaar needs to be given and after doing demographic authentication with unique identification authority of india , patient will be requested to give a mobile number and other details like address , age etc .
Union Minister for Petroleum and Natural Gas , Shri Dharmendra Pradhan was present on the occasion .
site specific activities for farm renovation
here are a few simple and basic things required to take good care of the body .
with effect from such date as the central government may , by notification in the official gazette appoint in this behalf , there shall be established for the purposes of this act , an authority to be known as the national disaster management authority .
( by the way , bleach and lavatory cleaners when mixed together do not produce a cleaner lavatory , but do produce a toxic gas which if inhaled is poisonous . )
delegation of power of sanction of projects to states .
The Prime Minister said that India is celebrating the 150th anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi this year .
the most effective antibiotics are tylosin , erthromycin , spectinomycin , lincomycin , and chlorotectracycline .
Minister of Consumer Affairs , Food and Public Distribution .
within the safe school premises , essential supplementary nutrition for children can be provided , along with safe water and sanitation facilities especially for adolescent girls and boys .
creation of the database will assist the department of justice in identifying lawyers providing pro bono services .
if a person is unable to make a request in writing , he may seek the help of the public information officer to write his application and the public information officer should render him reasonable assistance .
On the occasion of Buddha Jayanti , Prime Minister Narendra Modi will join the celebrations at Indira Gandhi Indoor Stadium , in the Capital on Monday , 30th April , 2018 .
high cholesterol a total cholesterol level above 200 milligrams per deciliter , or 5 .2 mill moles per liter .
the entire process will centre-stage the community and will be provided momentum and sustenance through the collective efforts of all government agencies and non-governmental organizations ’ .
a copy of residential proof ( the address on the residential proof must match the address on the electricity bill . )
most large harbours and ports are under the control of a harbor authority and/or a vessel traffic system .
the child has had a cough for more than three weeks
general conditions
Speaking on the occasion , the Prime Minister described the occasion as a special one , in the journey to make India a global manufacturing hub .
discussion forum for career center
i want to give up my aadhaar .
payer
Strategic Petroleum Reserve ( SPR ) facility in Visakhapatnam , Mangalore and Padur to be dedicated to the nation
livestock development including gobar bank , cattle hostel
government of india designed a procedure to identify particularly vulnerable tribal groups .
Innovators will receive commercialization and technology deployment grants upto Rs . 1 crore under the ANICs .
dashboard reports
Our youth will never be misled , the Prime Minister added .
some office products allow for the disabling of macros that originate from outside of an organization and can provide a hybrid approach when the organization depends on the legitimate use of macros .
Almost 70 per cent of these embraced martyrdom just in Africa .
the separate plans for notified area committees , town panchayats and municipalities will be part of the district health action plan drawn up for sub-mission national urban health mission
eating or drinking poorly  ; child has marked thirst  ; child has fever or blood in stool .
there are three options on the platform
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will confer the Awards for Excellence in Public Administration for effective implementation of identified Priority Programs and Innovation to districts/implementing units and other Central/State organisations at Vigyan Bhawan in the capital tomorrow on April 21 .
every pregnancy is special .
life time risk
vaccinate your pets against rabies every year
Thirdly , he sought the role of private participation in the distribution of gas sector .
Assuring that there would not be any hassles with the enrollment process , Modi told the gathering that only a form needs to be filled with Aadhar number and bank details .
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for hiving off mobile tower assets of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited ( BSNL ) into a separate company , fully owned by BSNL .
Governor of Tamil Nadu ,
organizations and merchants providing point of sale services should review all system logs for any strange or unexplained activity on a regular basis .
prevention - remove objects that cause injury .
He thanked the Prime Minister of Japan , Mr . Shinzo Abe , for this gift from Japan to the people of Varanasi .
The Prime Minister underlined his Government’s sustained efforts , when he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat , in bringing Narmada water to the far flung areas of the Kutch region .
the aadhaar card or the e-aadhaar ( electronic copy of aadhaar ) are essentially given to residents to know their own aadhaar , but are only the first step towards the actual use of the online id as explained in the preceding para .
scheme for agro-marine processing and development of agro-processing clusters was approved by the cabinet in may 2017 for the period of 2016-20 coterminous with the 14th finance commission cycle .
it is best for the mother and her baby to stay together in the same room immediately after birth .
This great man was none other than our revered Dr . Baba Saheb Ambedkar .
whom to address  ?
post your suggestion
Cabinet Secretary , Shri P .K . Sinha , and Director , LBSNAA , Smt .
file a complaint with the nearest cyber crime cell/police station
the pradhan mantri khanij kshetra kalyan yojana is , therefore , very sharply focused on safeguarding the health , environment and economic conditions of the tribals and providing them with opportunities to benefit from the vast mineral resources that are extracted from the areas where they live .
The proposed Act lays great emphasis on consumer empowerment .
response teams then reach out to the owner ( s ) of infected system ( s ) with the help of registered address .
the scholarship sanctioned is liable to be cancelled on the following occasions  : -
what is rupay debit card  ?
13 . asurs 14 . birhor 15 . birjia 16 . hill kharia 17 . konvas 18 . mal paharia 19 . parhaiyas 20 . sauda paharia 21 . savar
express affection .
Religious activities will be organised throughout the country .
breastfeeding helps a mother and baby form a close , loving relationship – a process called bonding .
Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu ,
skimming can take place during a legitimate transaction at a business .
objectives
He lauded the efforts of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation for setting up a world class hospital and said , “Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Institute of Medical Sciences and Research in Ahmedabad hospital will prove to be a model for other government hospitals in the country . ”
strong technical and engineering capabilities backed by top-notch scientific and technical institutes .
when the victim becomes unconscious
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Meghalaya on their Statehood Day .
establishment of national disaster management authority
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for introduction of the Payment of Gratuity ( Amendment ) Bill , 2017 in the Parliament .
physiological quality  :
I reside in Mayur Vihar , Pocket-1 , Phase- I , Delhi .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Car Nicobar today .
if your parents or siblings have had bone problems , you are more likely to get it .
reduce annual lighting emissions by 118 - 470 kg
provision for shelter home and medical aid
it envisages that shelter , food , clothing , and health as well as economic and social security are assured for such women .
PM will distribute keys to beneficiaries of PMAY .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Guru Ravidas on the occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti .
apprenticeship training consists of basic training and on-the-job-training/practical training at the workplace in the industry .
the majority of newborn deaths occur in low-birth weight babies .
Survey is conducted in 6 places in the state for laying of new rail line of which survey in 3 places are completed .
deep depression
Benefits of India’s success are available to our partners!
Can we link our potential , to the world’s requirements ?
no one likes any other person invading the precious and extremely touchy area of his or her own privacy which the medium of internet grants to the netizen .
speedier implementation ,
fast tracking approvals
a person can be punished for all other violations ( for example , with respect to maintenance of register , work hours , health and safety conditions ) with jail time of up to one month and/ or a fine of up to rs . 10 ,000 .
thick ropes and cords
good for dry areas and no bangalore method is needed
hemorrhage is the medical term for bleeding .
“Saddened by the demise of former Chief Justice of India , Justice AS Anand .
The Union Cabinet , chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi , was apprised about an MoU signed in May , 2018 between India and Brazil .
And shared our own assessments of regional and global developments .
He assured everyone that the Union Government and the State Government will do everything possible for Bihar’s growth .
all new school constructions should include disaster resilient features .
The first of these is the 14 lane , access controlled , Phase-I of the Delhi-Meerut Expressway , stretching from Nizamuddin Bridge to Delhi UP Border .
2 . Improvement in key health indicators like Neo-natal Mortality Rate ( NMR ) , Infant Mortality Rate ( IMR ) , Under-Five Mortality Rate ( U5MR ) , Maternal Mortality Rate ( MMR ) and Total Fertility Rate ( TFR ) .
It brings good health and furthers a spirit of teamwork .
has a fever
immunisation state should be upto date .
some of the fishes feed directly on the pig excrete which contains 70 per cent digestible food for the fish .
promoting a culture of cleanliness
it is a crime to circulate pictures of a woman going about her private acts .
annual parents ’ /guardian ’ s income
the courts may order compensation for the physical and mental pain suffered by the child .
this amount was raised to rs . 6250 w .e .f 1 .2 .86  ; and to rs .10 ,000 w .e .f . 1 .4 .95 .
we request you to please get your details corrected in appropriate document i .e . aadhaar and try to link again .
enable poor and marginalized to access benefits
raw food should be washed or cooked .
eligibility criteria
the child vomits frequently .
for nursery development in poly bags and in mud pots , while preparing the potting mixture 20 % of composted coir pith can be mixed with the soil and sand before filing it in the poly bag or mud pot
to get the details , click here .
older persons should benefit from family and community care and protection in accordance with each society 's system of cultural values .
sore and cracked nipples
2 . and promote cooperation between Hydraulic Basin Agencies of the two countries with an aim to share the expertise on the implementation of the principles of integrated water resource management in the Hydraulic Basins .
note 1  : so long as either of the parents ( or husband in the case of married unemployed girl student ) is alive , only income of the parents/husband , as the case may be , from all sources has to be taken into account and of no other member even though they may be earning .
All help is being provided to the State Government to deal with the adverse situation .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) the between India and Angola for promoting bilateral cooperation in the field of Electronics and Information Technology .
blood vessel problems in the head and neck
the floor of the pen remains clean and dry due to the sawdust .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi rolled out the Pradhan Mantri Jan ArogyaYojana-Ayushman Bharat from Ranchi on September 23 , 2018 and termed it a “game-changer initiative to serve the poor“ .
the cardholder has to enter just the card details and a one time password to complete the transaction .
being healthy , interacting with caregivers and living in a safe and clean environment can make a big difference in a child 's growth , development and future potential .
breathing noises are more noticeable at night while the birds rest .
perineal swelling and infection
Governor of Maharashtra Shri C . Vidyasagar Rao , CM of Maharashtra Shri Devendra Fadnavis , Union Minister of State Shri Ramdas Athawale and Union Minister of State Col . Rajyavardhan Rathore ( Retd . ) along with other dignitaries were present on the occasion .
all pregnant women need at least four prenatal care visits to help ensure a safe and healthy pregnancy .
The Prime Minister will interact with officials in-charge of transformation of over 100 districts .
It has also approved acquisition of controlling stake by Life Insurance Corporation of India ( LIC ) as promoter in the bank through preferential allotment / open offer of equity , and relinquishment of management control by the Government in the bank .
The Prime Minister at the Vastral Gam Metro Station , will inaugurate the Phase-1 of Ahmedabad Metro .
target beneficiaries
Cultural Exchange Programme between the Governmepnt of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Seychelles for the years 2018-2022
where it is not possible to provide corporate sector roofing only non-combustible fireproof heat resistance materials should be used .
magnetic stripe card
the recent denial of service attacks seen over the popular commercial sites like e-bay , yahoo , amazon and others are a new category of cybercrimes which are slowly emerging as being extremely dangerous .
migration of students from one school/institute to another is not allowed for renewal applicants during the period of academic course .
this section covers aspects related to basics of finance , investments , savings , insurance and loans .
one to five years ( depending upon the duration of the course being pursued by the applicant and as approved by the respective regulatory body ) .
the child needs immediate treatment from a trained health worker , who can also provide a referral to a health facility .
solid and liquid waste management is one of the key components of swachh bharat mission , launched with the objective of bringing improvement in cleanliness , hygiene and the general quality of life in rural areas .
some important don ’ ts
there are numerous causes of this type of headache ranging from bleeding in the brain , tumor , or meningitis and encephalitis .
cover the nose/mouth with a handkerchief/ tissue paper when coughing or sneezing which should be disposed off in dustbins  ;
initiate breast-feeding especially colostrum feeding within an hour of birth .
how to access the services
labour identification number will be accompanied with an online certificate from the employer stating that the submission is claimed only in respect of new employees without past service and for newly created posts .
Prime Minister’s interaction with the farmers covered wide range of agriculturaland allied sectors like Organic Farming , Blue Revolution , Animal Husbandry , Horticulture , Floriculture etc .
the department of pension and pensioners ' welfare does not guarantee that all pensioners would get suitable engagement or that all organizations will find suitable volunteer pensioners .
always use default firewall in your windows machine and linux machines to control communications
preventing from marrying a person of your choice .
the introducers are notified by the registrar .
Outlining his priorities for all round development of the state , PM said , “I have come here to inaugurate Rs .6000 crore worth projects .
It offers several valuable by-products , such as bee wax .
ensure the baby is warm by helping the mother or other caregiver use skin-to-skin care , also known as the 'kangaroo mother care ' method
however , fowl pox is relatively slow-spreading .
user can know their mobile money identifier which was allotted to him/her by bank during mobile banking registration .
victim will likely not sweat .
online shopping
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the proposal for withdrawal of Nalanda University ( Amendment ) Bill , 2013 pending in the Rajya Sabha .
satellite/location  : 93 .5 degree east
the scheme seeks to adopt a holistic approach to the socio-economic development of primitive vulnerable tribal groups and gives state governments flexibility in planning initiatives that are geared towards the specific socio-cultural imperatives of the specific groups at hand .
the `` cyber swachhta kendra '' collaborates with department of telecommunications , internet service providers , antivirus companies and academia to detect systems infected by bots and notify the end users regarding infection of their system and providing them assistance to clean their systems .
tax exemption to startups for 3 years
The Prime Minister also visited the Mahaveer Phillipine Foundation in Manila .
temporal arteritis ( inflammation of the temporal artery )
integrated child development scheme
University Institute of Engineering & Technology , Kathua will be dedicated to the nation by the PM .
advantages of institutional deliveries and risks involved in home deliveries .
as opposed to developed countries , where the percentage of skilled workforce is between 60 % and 90 % of the total workforce , india records a low 5 % of workforce ( 20-24 years ) with formal vocational skills .
before floods
sources
open the windows and doors to help dry the building .
Digital access is an important component of Digital India Mission .
provide necessary information like aadhaar number , pension payment order no . , bank account no . , bank name and your mobile number .
people should demand a new syringe for every vaccination .
early detection of substance use , followed by counselling by health workers , has been shown to be effective in motivating adolescents to give up their use or to reduce the harm it could cause them .
residents can verify the name of their registrar at the enrolment centres or on the acknowledgement provided to them at the time of enrolment .
book and adhoc grant ( rs . per annum )
other services offered
digishala channel is also available on channel no 2032 on dish
make 1 cut on your body per day
To the East , the Malacca Strait and South China Sea connect India to the Pacific and to most of our major partners – ASEAN , Japan , Republic of Korea , China and the Americas .
the national bureau of investigation is finding it difficult to legally arrest the suspect behind the 'love bug ' computer virus .
making technology central to enabling change .
interest in friendships includes enjoying time with her or his peer group and turning to peers for information
 . tension headaches occur more commonly among women than men . commonly among women than men .
The Prime Minister assured the people that all help will be provided to them and that the Union Government stands shoulder to shoulder with them in this hour of crisis .
bites by vipers and some cobras are painful and tender .
Prime Minister will also address the gathering .
after finishing his/her training the trainee amchi has to give an examination in front of the entire community in the presence of a few expert amchis in a ceremony to confer the designation of amchi on him/her .
Mr . You Young Min , Minister of Science and ICT , RoK
There are attractive fiscal incentives from the Union and State Governments .
a child with malaria needs to take the full course of treatment , even if the fever disappears rapidly .
any other government document showing age e .g . passport .
combining meditation and imagery
right to information and has been given the status of a fundamental right under article 19 ( 1 ) of the constitution .
diabetic patients should avoid alcohol completely .
non-adherence by the bank or its subsidiaries to the instructions of reserve bank on debit card operations or credit card operations
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today attended , and delivered an address at the event to mark the launch of the Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution .
In conclusion , the Prime Minister thanked the Chief Ministers once again for their suggestions .
chemicals should not be stored in or near drinking water containers or near food .
wake up at 4 :20 a .m . and go to a roof ( the higher the better )
The Prime Minister was apprised of the preparation done so far , including consultations with States , for the smooth and expeditious rollout of the Health Assurance programme .
5 % of the grant may be earmarked for expenses on binding , stiching etc .
The Prime Minister spoke of the goals such doubling farmers’ income by 2022 , and balanced development in rural and urban areas .
Government is also providing specific incentive through the scheme to generate employment .
this scheme focuses on feeder separation ( rural households & agricultural ) and strengthening of sub-transmission & distribution infrastructure including metering at all levels in rural areas .
as per seed act ( 1966 ) seed includes
high blood pressure
to make use of more agile implementation models
this section covers laws , acts , policies , schemes , institutions and other aspects related to minority welfare .
the baby should finish feeding from one breast before being fed from the other breast .
the minimum support prices are a guarantee price for their produce from the government .
the student can however , accept free lodging or a grant or ad-hoc monetary help from the state government or any other source for the purchase of books , equipment or for meeting the expenses on board and lodging to the scholarship amount paid under this scheme .
in case of 2 ( b )
also , given that it is environmentally friendly , it is a much safer choice compared to other fuel sources .
In this regard F .SA .A .I . is engaged in promoting good eating or Safe and Healthy Diet habits .
it is important to remember that the airway must be kept clear in one of these ways until it is automatically kept clear by placing the casualty in the recovery position or until a doctor or other trained person has passed a special type of breathing tube .
The provisions for Central Government employees under Central Civil Services ( Pension ) Rules , 1972 with regard to gratuity are also similar .
training and education
Our ties with Japan – from economic to strategic – have been completely transformed .
Now , it is in force only in a few districts .
a legal and institutional framework binds all these elements together
the express is a unique collaborative initiative of department of science and technology , ministry of environment , forest and climate change and ministry of railway .
to meet the short term credit requirements for cultivation of crops
State Governments are finding innovative ways to create a business friendly environment .
the regulations can be changed at any time at the discretion of the government of india
basic infrastructure such as distribution transformer and distribution lines are provided in the inhabited locality as well as the dalit basti hamlet where it exists .
the particularly vulnerable tribal groups of sahariyas has the highest population of 4 ,50 ,217 , while the particularly vulnerable tribal groups of sentinelets and andamanese has a very small population of 39 and 43 , respectively .
In a world of fear , Yoga promises hope , strength and courage , ” the Prime Minister added .
Ms . Maria Fernanda Espinosa Garces , President-elect of the United Nations General Assembly called on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today .
you need to pay rs 10 as right to information fee .
non-payment or inordinate delay in the payment or collection of cheques , drafts , bills , etc .
Minister of State in the Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare .
central ministries /departments
There is a huge potential for ICAI and its members to help develop the Accountancy and Auditing profession in Africa .
The Prime Minister will then proceed to Gandhinagar .
do not post anything which harm to your family credibility
offshore reefs and shallow areas may help break the force of tsunami waves , but large and dangerous wave can still be a threat to coastal residents in these areas .
your gold can be deposited in any physical form – jewellery , coins or bars .
the scheme provides housing subsidy of rs . 1 ,50 ,000/- per worker for construction of house to be paid in three installments directly into the bank account of the beneficiaries .
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved signing of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Singapore on Cooperation in the field of Personnel Management and Public Administration .
The Prime Minister said that the Indian Armed Forces draw admiration and appreciation across the world , in UN peacekeeping operations .
The Union Cabinet Chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) between India and Equatorial Guinea for Cooperation in the field of Traditional Systems of Medicine .
Replace Tai Khamti’ instead of ‘Khampti’ at serial No . 6 .
heat wave in india
pregnancy before the age of 18 or after the age of 35 increases the health risks for the mother and her baby .
such students whose parent ’ s income is affected due to unfortunate death of one of earning parents and resultantly comes within the income ceiling prescribed under the scheme , shall become eligible for scholarship , subject to their fulfilling other conditions of eligibility , from the month in which such sad incidence takes place .
if a policyholder is not satisfied with the “ terms and conditions  ” of the policy , he/she may return the policy to the corporation within 15 days ( 30 days if this policy is purchased online ) from the date of receipt of the policy stating the reason of objections .
when the radiological consequences of an abnormal situation are expected to remain confined to the plant boundary or a section of the plant , it is described as a plant emergency .
digital empowerment of citizens  :
the mentally retarded person has , to the maximum degree of feasibility , the same rights as under human beings .
mrigal ,
lunch 12 .30
check list  : ( documents to be submitted along with the application )
The Prime Minister also conveyed his warm regards to H . E . Tun Dr . Mahathir Mohamad , Prime Minister of Malaysia .
the immunizations in the first year and into the second year are especially important .
can be done at the household level where space permits as no bangalore method is required .
( jeevan pramaan uses the aadhaar platform for on-line biometric authentication )
they need to be sensitive and understanding of the particular needs of adolescents , and know how to support and counsel them in caring for themselves and their babies .
He said transactions worth more than Rs . 14 ,000 crore have been made so far through GeM .
it is caused by pathogenic strains of escherichia coli and i s a disease primarily of the newborn or young pigs .
send interview invites
Our strides in space will help our citizens and will enhance our development journey , the Prime Minister said .
employment
hostlers
the seeds stored over and above this age lose their activity and hence not fit for neem seed kernal extract preparation .
she/ he should be a regular , full time student studying in a government school or in a school recognized by govt . or a central/state board of secondary education .
tell yourself that you 'll deal with them later .
provide clarity on roles and responsibilities of various ministries and departments involved in different aspects of disaster management
The Prime Minister also presented President’s Police Medals for Distinguished Service to IB officers .
this is called hyperglycemia ( also known as high blood glucose or high blood sugar ) .
they are cobras and the vipers .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today addressed a Conference on Academic Leadership on Education for Resurgence , in New Delhi .
In the mid 1940s , the INA trials at Red Fort , had stirred the nation .
all faeces , including those of babies and young children , carry germs and are dangerous .
the weaving together makes the mission transformative in totality .
educate and equip potential and early stage entrepreneurs
encourage casualty to drink as much cool fluid as possible
i . Digital governance ;
in case of accept payment , payer will enter one time password to authorize the transaction
At the same venue , the Prime Minister will also unveil plaques to mark the laying of Foundation Stone for dedication of various development works in the city .
less severe cyclonic activity has been noticed on the west coast , where 33 cyclones occurred the same period , out of which 19 of were severe .
resident can also upload e-documents in their digital locker and esign them .
post-matric scholarship  : the value of post-matric scholarship includes the following for complete duration of the course  : -
weakness
encouraging the administration of oaths / pledges in the languages of the pairing states .
to save life
elevate the furnace , water heater , and electric panel if susceptible to flooding .
“Sardar Patel devoted his life towards unifying India .
On completion , Punjab would also be able to generate 206 MW of hydropower .
intraocular or drinking water method .
on successful upload , the document will be listed under ‘ uploaded documents ’ subsection .
advantages of deep litter housing
From foreign direct investment to steel sector , start-ups , milk and agriculture , aviation , India’s progress has been outstanding .
maintenance allowance
what details of beneficiary will be required  ?
deen dayal antyodaya yojana
on maturity , the balance including interest outstanding in the account shall be payable to the account holder on production of withdrawal slip along with the pass book .
All these great men travelled widely in India .
for renewal
the non-governmental voluntary organization should be a registered body , under an appropriate act so that it gets a corporate status and a legal personality and a group liability is established for its activities  ;
there are 11 ,500 industrial training institutes having about 16 lakh seats .
antenatal care is also necessary to screen high risk pregnancy and high risk labor signs .
the compost heap should be turned once in 10 days to allow the stale air trapped inside the compost material to go out and fresh air will get in .
be self-confident and have high self-esteem
it is informed that carrying electronic communication devices including those that can store/record / play audio - visual content  ; transmit or receive image s  ; or provide unfiltered connection to the internet such as ipads , dvd /cd players , game consoles , handheld pc , smart phones , laptops , tablet or any other gadget with similar capabilities of data storage / transmission is not permitted in school and school bus without prior permission and verification of school authorities .
goa – 33
many diseases develop due to lack of cleanliness .
In the CRZ , 2018 Notification , it has been decided to de-freeze the same and permit FSI for construction projects , as prevailing on the date of the new Notification .
encouraging mitigation measures based on technology , traditional wisdom and environmental sustainability .
the affected area becomes numb or it itches and burns .
After the welcome address of Home Minister Shri Rajnath Singh , Secretary ( Rajbhasha ) presented an account of the progress made on various subjects as per the agenda .
complications may include  :
provide the pregnant woman with information on the changes occurring in her body
He said it is important for civil servants to keep pace with emerging technologies worldwide .
On the eve of the ASEAN-India Commemorative Summit ( AICS ) to celebrate 25 years of India-ASEAN partnership , Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi had separate bilateral meetings with Her Excellency Daw Aung San Suu Kyi , State Counsellor of Myanmar , His Excellency Mr . Nguyen Xuan Phuc , Prime Minister of Vietnam and His Excellency Mr . Rodrigo Roa Duterte , President of the Philippines on Wednesday .
try to find a way to make your answer unique but memorable – you can do this by using the tip above – so that even if someone guesses the answer , they won ’ t know how to enter it properly .
1 . Human Resource Development ( HRD ) sub-scheme : HRD sub-scheme proposes to provide assistance for Placement Linked Skill Development training to unemployed persons @ Rs . 15 ,000 per person , for skill up-gradation training to employed workers @ Rs . 5 ,000 per employee and for training of trainers @ Rs . 2 lakh per person .
presiding officer at polling station
employer shall engage apprentices in a band of 2 .5 % to 10 % of the total strength of the establishment
Globalization has brought millions of people out of poverty .
spamming ( in which a stalker sends a victim a multitude of junk e-mail )  ;
it can even become life-threatening .
electrical equipment should be checked and dried before being returned to service
We are one of the top FDI destinations listed by UNCTAD .
consult your doctor immediately or rush to nearest antirabies clinic
it should have basic medicines which are readily accessible
coach 13  : the joy of science hands-on lab in this coach is a space where students from std . 6-10 can perform experiments and activities to understand concepts in environment , science and mathematics in an interesting manner .
Till now , I have reviewed more than 250 projects worth about 12 lakh crore rupees under PRAGATI .
New AIIMS will have 15-20 Super Specialty Departments .
free legal aid
significant progress was observed in the maternal health care service indicators like institutional deliveries and ante natal care coverage .
for professional courses copy of receipt of the admission fees paid to the institute along with identity card issued by the respective institute .
a village should be classified as electrified if electricity is being used within its revenue area for any purpose whatsoever .
trembling of hands , arms , legs , jaw and face
The Prime Minister said that since he was a child , he had been hearing about a ferry service from Ghogha to Dahej .
interest will be credited semiannually to the bank account of the investor and the last interest will be payable on maturity along with the principal .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , today visited his home town , Vadnagar , for the first time since assuming office of Prime Minister .
rogi kalyan samiti ( or equivalent ) for community management of public hospitals
subcutaneously or intraperitonealy .
the most commonly affected areas during a frostbite are fingers , toes , nose , ears , cheeks and chin .
voter education
“India’s weightlifters are also lifting our position in the medal’s tally .
piped natural gas distributors servicing this area will be called rurban vitrak .
­capacity development in all spheres .
don ’ t talk to anyone all day
here are a few tips on how you can keep your child safe online  :
ducks have been termed as manuring machines for their efficient and labour-saving method of pond manuring , resulting in complete savings on pond fertilizer and supplementary fish feed which accounts for 60 per cent of the total cost in conventional fish culture .
2 months to 12 months
PM also addressed New India Youth Conclave in Surat .
we need such laws so that people can perform purchase transactions over the net through credit cards without fear of misuse .
infants who have completed their immunizations on time and are receiving proper nutrition , health care , love and affection have an increased chance of survival .
trouble with speaking and understanding  :
maintain a national database , known as the labour market information system , which will act as a portal for matching the demand and supply of skilled workforce in the country .
On Sunday evening , the Prime Minister will be in Surat , Gujarat , for the flagging off of the “Run for New India Marathon . ”
The MoU was signed in March , 2018 .
so make your password long to help keep your information safe .
The Prime Minister said one reason for this decline in “Doing Business ” ranking , was corruption .
in the first six months , this risk is much greater if the infant is fed both breastmilk and other liquids and foods than if fed breastmilk alone .
3 . Prime Minister Modi and His Royal Highness Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz held delegation level talks at Hyderabad House on February 20 , 2019 .
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of leadership , soft skills and collective training .
the thatch roof protects the tank from moisture .
common cold
provide adequate open space for each animal which should be double of covered area
if a mother can not be with her baby during working hours , she should breastfeed often when they are together .
Key points of the Scheme of amalgamation :
however , in certain instances , where it is possible to connect with the payer immediately , it is preferred that the payee sends a payment request to the payer , who can then initiate the payment request with his credentials .
Dear brothers and sisters , in this very way , some farmers from hilly areas of Uttarakhand have become a source of inspiration for the farmers across the country .
Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu
ministry of information and broadcasting
conduct disorders ,
incomplete applications will be rejected .
The Standard Operating Procedure for issue of export authorizations has been simplified and put in public domain .
hydrogen is a component of more compounds than any other element .
after adding , the nitrogen source , the microbial inoculums pleurotus and tnau biomineralizer ( 2 % ) are added over the material .
single click authentication
Ministers of State ( Independent Charge )
though most people develop some plaques and tangles as they age ,
However , over 95 percent of our students go to state universities and colleges where research is still limited .
non-adherence to prescribed working hours
He recalled his last visit to Mirzapur , with French President Macron , for the inauguration of the solar plant .
And , we do understand that the role of government is to provide the support system .
The next year will mark 100 years of the Jallianwallah Bagh massacre .
do not add oral rehydration salts to milk , soup , fruit juice or soft drinks .
fistulae are holes that can develop between the vagina and the urinary tract or rectum .
I compliment the state for their commitment towards implementation of all aspects of the Revised National TB Control Program .
it is moistened with a suspension of 5-10 cow dung in 2 .5 to 5 .0 i of water and 0 .5 to 1 .0 fine bone meal sprinkled over it uniformly .
e-governance  : reforming government through technology
He said District Mineral Foundations will help the poor and the tribals in a big way .
He is accompanied by Dr . Christian Cardona , Minister of Economy , Investment and Small Businesses , senior officials of his Ministry and a large business delegation .
The Summit welcomed the Nordic Sustainable Cities Project aimed at supporting the Smart Cities Program of the Government of India .
non-governmental organizations ( local , regional and international )
He said the health assurance scheme – Ayushman Bharat would be rolled out soon .
the link is also incorporated prominently ( as shown below ) in the home page of national commission for protection of child rights website , where a user has to simply push a button named protection of children from sexual offences e-box .
the baby may need more opportunities to breastfeed .
older persons should be able to enjoy human rights and fundamental freedoms when residing in any shelter , care or treatment facility , including full respect for their dignity , beliefs , needs and privacy and for the right to make decisions about their care and the quality of their lives .
President Moon deserves all the praise for the role he has played in overcoming the legacy of mutual distrust and suspicion between the D .P .R .K . and the international community , and bringing them to the discussion table .
retained placenta
if you have any grievance in regard to electoral roll , electors photo identity card or any other election related matter you may approach following officers  : -
body chills
the goal is to develop three adarsh grams by march 2019 , of which one would be achieved by 2016 .
stress
The increase in the salary and allowances etc . will benefit 31 Judges of Supreme Court of India ( including the CJI ) and 1079 Judges( including the Chief Justices ) of High Courts .
the potential for wind power generation for grid interaction has been estimated at about 1 ,02 ,788 taking sites having wind power density greater than 200 at 80 hub-height with 2 % land availability in potential areas for setting up wind farms @ 9
candles and matches in a waterproof container
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of aMemorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) on Cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Fiji .
any patent agent registered with the controller general of patent , trademark and design
non-smartphone users , antyodaya households , college drop-outs , participants of the adult literacy mission
fund transfer using mobile number
Even Christopher Columbus was attracted to Indian spices , and reached America , as he searched for an alternate sea route to India .
1 . At the invitation of H .E . U Htin Kyaw , President of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar , Shri Narendra Modi , Prime Minister of the Republic of India , is paying his first bilateral State visit to the Republic of the Union of Myanmar from 5th to 7th September 2017 .
establish a sender policy framework , domain message authentication reporting and conformance , and domain keys identified mail for your domain , which is an email validation system designed to prevent spam by detecting email spoofing by which most of the ransomware samples successfully reaches the corporate email boxes .
Under the Sagarmala Project , Port projects involving Investment of over 10 billion Dollars have been identified for award in the upcoming five years .
no substances should be put on the stump .
if your home is badly damaged , you will have to leave it .
ceiling of maximum pension is for a family as a whole i .e . total amount of pension under all the policies allowed to a family under this plan shall not exceed the maximum pension limit .
manufacture of all type of frame mats , ss dye vatt 10 kg 1 no . , salem charka 2 sets )
malaria is particularly dangerous for pregnant women .
The 2nd of October , this year , has a special significance .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will visit the All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS ) in New Delhi on June 29 , 2018 .
the piglet should be dewormed once in three months .
44 . marram nagas
following fees structure will be applicable to the empanelled facilitators , for any number of patents , trademarks or designs that may be applied for by a start-up .
rs . 3 ,000/- per quarter
While this government has cleared projects worth Rs . 1 .53 lakh crores during its first three years .
anyone on fire is terrified , and may rush from room to room , spreading the fire , or may run into the fresh air where the fire will burn more readily .
phishing is when you get an email or a social media message that looks like it ’ s coming from a legitimate place such as a bank or social networking site .
the final assessment shall include an onsite visit by a team which will verify the facts given in the application ,
the government has been implementing some social security measures for certain occupational groups but the coverage is miniscule .
grievance redressal
As in road sector my government has given priority to railways , waterways and airways .
This culture is the foundation of New India – and follows the mantra of Sabka Saath , Sabka Vikas , the Prime Minister said .
The Prime Minister also shared a speech he had given last year in which he had paid tributes to Sri Ramakrishna Paramhansa .
if you do end up opening a site believing it to be authentic , check for the padlock symbol next to the site and double click on it for the site certificate before entering personal information .
right to information
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the passing away of the Chief Minister of Goa , Shri Manohar Parrikar .
The line connects Botanical Garden in Noida with Kalkaji Mandir in Delhi .
necessary conditions for eligibility of employees under pradhan mantri rojgar protsahan yojana
but its special focus is on all children in need of care and protection , especially the more vulnerable sections , which include  :
if you are ready to “ become a whale  ” , carve “ yes  ” on your leg .
in the flood situation
the common branding of the programmes as digital india , highlights their transformative impact .
For most of his life , his work was centred in North India and he sacrificed his life in Nanded , Maharashtra .
programmes for proving institutional as well as non institutional care / services to older persons  ;
fastag can be purchased online from issuer banks websites / website and will be delivered by courier at the door step of the purchaser .
annual lighting emission reduction of 687 kg is equivalent to 68 additional trees
these substances can severely affect a child 's physical and mental development .
nodal agency
validity period of the certificate
The Prime Minister asserted that youth are driving the growth in digital payments .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , will receive French President Emmanuel Macron in Varanasi tomorrow morning .
some highlights of the act
the side walls of the sheds should be 4 - 5 ft . high and remaining height should be fitted with gi pipes or wooden poles .
the pig sties are constructed on the pond embankment or near the pond and the pig manure ( faeces and urine ) are directly drained into the pond or lifted from the animal house and applied to pond .
sub-section ( 2 ) of section 8 , however , provides that information exempted under sub-section3 ( 1 ) or exempted under the official secrets act , 1923 can be disclosed if public interest in disclosure overweights the harm to the protected interest .
frostbite
by developing new and innovative enforcement methods including financial incentives that encourage and ensure improved workplace performance  ;
in the chapter on capacity development under section 10 .2 .2 , the policy also emphasizes upon disaster management training in all educational institutions including schools .
rodent control is essential to prevent future outbreaks .
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi , visited Bilaspur in Himachal Pradesh today .
wild honey
continue to hold and cuddle the baby every day , giving consistent love and affection
funding pattern
for instance , the payment address for bharat interface for money customers is in the format .
rate one 's village on swachhta
the use of latrines and toilets together with good hygiene practices – specifically hand washing with soap – are essential public health tools .
care during pregnancy and farrowing
low-vision
annual lighting emission reduction of 64 kg is equivalent to 6 additional trees
a customer can also decide to use the mobile number as the name instead of the short name for the virtual address .
The Prime Minister greeted the nation on Lohri on this occasion .
the vaccination card of a child ( or an adult ) should be presented to the health worker before every immunization .
these diseases include measles , meningitis caused by haemophilus influenzae type , diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis ( whooping cough ) , yellow fever , polio and hepatitis .
during and immediately following childbirth , the skilled birth attendant will  :
While the Foreign exchange earned by India due to tourism witnessed a jump of 50% , up from $ 18 billionin 2013 to $ 27 billion in 2017 .
with a population of over 1 .2 billion , there is a mounting and urgent need to address sanitation .
for transposition of entry in electoral roll form- 8
The Prime Minister will dedicate the 330 MW Kishanganga Hydropower Station to the Nation , at the Sher-i-Kashmir International Conference Centre ( SKICC ) in Srinagar .
Works related to Sewage Treatment Plants at Barh , Sultanganj and Naugachia will be kicked off by PM .
Modi is set to arrive in Israel on July 4 for what will be a historic visit : the first to this country by a sitting Indian prime minister .
the parent or other caregiver should make certain the water is not too hot and that the child is carefully supervised when breathing the water vapour .
These loans are classified as MUDRA loans under PMMY .
operation smile - the beginning
identity theft
a thorough disinfection of sheds , equipments as well as farm surroundings by formalin spray at recommended concentration .
These will be implemented as non-PPP component .
worms almost always cause at least some harm to the network , if only by consuming bandwidth , whereas viruses almost always corrupt or devour files on a targeted computer .
pensioners of central government , state government or any other government organization can take benefit of this facility .
decadal growth in rural population .
improving nutrition status for all , with special focus on children , adolescent girls , pregnant women , and lactating mothers
there are thirty five countries including india in the world which generate electricity from nuclear source .
improved basic amenities
a girl or boy suffering from malaria should be offered liquids and foods frequently to help prevent dehydration and malnutrition .
if this option is not available , you may need to send a formal complaint/report to the social networking service .
develop a sense of empathy .
the scholars pursuing studies through correspondence are not eligible .
e-health , e-education , e-banking ,
constipation
a tingling sensation or numbness in the hands or feet
Insurance coverage upto 5 lakh rupees per family , per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalization will be provided under this mission .
Governor of Jharkhand Ms DraupadiMurmu , Union Minister Shri Jayant Sinha and CM of Jharkhand Shri Raghuvar Das was also present among other dignitaries .
be aware of tsunami facts .
work with elected representatives
The Prime Minister , Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the demise of Lok Sabha MP and former Union Minister Shri Sultan Ahmed .
state wise employment exchange website links
only one person per eligible household would be considered for training
early signs and symptoms of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis include  :
bones continuously keep undergoing a vigorous process of resorption ( removal of old bone ) and deposition ( formation of new bone ) known as bone metabolism .
20 . Prime Minister Modi welcomed the intent by Saudi side towards investments in India , especially in the areas of energy , refining , petrochemicals , infrastructure , agriculture , minerals and mining , manufacturing , education and health .
non-consensual touching of any orifice with the mouth .
they need information on how to care for and clean themselves when they are menstruating .
• 4 laning of Bakhtiyarpur-Mokama section of NH-31
concierge services
fever and weakness
use water pumped out from india mark ii hand pumps , if installed in the village/community .
It also appreciated India’s assistance for facilitating post graduation and doctoral education in agricultural sciences for candidates from Myanmar .
respecting privacy
And , among them , we see South Korea is truly natural partner .
Mauritius to organise First International Bhojpuri Festival
pig farming constitutes the livelihood of rural poor belonging to the lowest socio-economic strata and they have no means to undertake scientific pig farming with improved foundation stock , proper housing , feeding and other management .
the act recognizes the need for recognizing foreign certifying authorities and it further details the various provisions for the issue of license to issue digital signature certificates .
the gold monetisation scheme will replace the existing gold deposit scheme , 1999 .
This is the main objective of Shivagiri Pilgrimage ”
CEOs and Experts from the Oil and Gas sector , from both India and abroad , met Prime Minister Narendra Modi today .
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi visited Guntur , in Andhra Pradesh and unveiled three major projects today .
ministry of women and child development
database of institutions - community radio stations , operators , operators , news agencies , private channels , satellite
pro bono legal service
when you are unable to submit your application to a central public information officer , either by reason that no such officer has been appointed under this act , or because the central assistant public information officer has refused to accept your application for information or appeal under this act for forwarding the same to the central public information officer or senior officer specified in sub-section ( 1 ) of section 19 or the central information commission ,
diabetes - facts and figures
stalking
safe motherhood means ensuring that all women have access to the information and services they need to go safely through pregnancy and childbirth .
touch , hearing , smell , sight and taste are learning tools the child uses toexplore and understand her or his world .
these offences include tampering with computer source documents , publishing of information , which is obscene in electronic form , and hacking .
Prime Minister Modi underlined that India would contribute to the success of the 200 year celebrations of the foundation of the Institute .
recommended drinks for a child with diarrhoea include  :
He said that the Union Government is working firmly with the vision of treating farmers as “Annadaata . ”
avian influenza
if the composition is not used immediately , it should be stored in a open , cool place , to retain the moisture ,
The Prime Minister will attend a Ground Breaking Ceremony for these projects in Lucknow on 29th July .
if food is not eaten immediately , reheat cooked until it is steaming hot prior to serving .
The Prime Minister said GST is ushering in a new culture across the nation .
Our poverty or prosperity will have direct impact on the global poverty or prosperity .
drinking water , preferably treated piped water with household taps
Memorandum of Cooperation between the Indian and Russian Railways
only those candidates who belong to scheduled tribes so specified in relation to the state/union territory to which the applicant actually belongs ( i .e . permanently settled ) and who have passed the matriculation or higher secondary or any higher examination of a recognized university or board of secondary education , will be eligible .
